Says the Annies List political group supports third-trimester abortions on demand.
Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain "by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."
Health care reform legislation is likely to mandate free sex change surgeries.
The Chicago Bears have had more starting quarterbacks in the last 10 years than the total number of tenured (UW) faculty fired during the last two decades.
Jim Dunnam has not lived in the district he represents for years now.
Says GOP primary opponents Glenn Grothman and Joe Leibham cast a compromise vote that cost $788 million in higher electricity costs.
For the first time in history, the share of the national popular vote margin is smaller than the Latino vote margin.
When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, we didnt just slow the rate of growth of our government, we actually cut it.
The economy bled $24 billion due to the government shutdown.
Most of the (Affordable Care Act) has already in some sense been waived or otherwise suspended.
"McCain opposed a requirement that the government buy American-made motorcycles. And he said all buy-American provisions were quote 'disgraceful.' "
U.S. Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis., and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out
Almost 100,000 people left Puerto Rico last year.
Women and men both are making less when you adjust for inflation than when John Kitzhaber was first elected governor.
The United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the free world.
We just had the best year for the auto industry in America in history.
Says Mitt Romney wants to get rid of Planned Parenthood.
I dont know who (Jonathan Gruber) is.
Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino.
ISIS supporter tweeted at 10:34 a.m. Shooting began at 10:45 a.m. in Chattanooga, Tenn.
Youth unemployment in minority communities is about 40 to 45 percent.
Says Paul Ryan is still endorsing Trump.
If you look at states that are right to work, they constantly do not have budget deficits and they have very good business climates.
What (the Obama administration is) going to come out with in the next several months is youre not even going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the existing plants.
We cut business taxes so today 70 percent of our businesses dont pay a business tax.
Says Mark Pryor votes with Obama 93 percent of the time.
We have a federal government that thinks they have the authority to regulate our toilet seats.
Austin is a city that has basically doubled in size every 25 years or so since it was founded.
The nuclear test conducted in our nation this time is the Earth's 2,054th nuclear test. The five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council have conducted 99.99 percent of the total nuclear tests.
Under President George W. Bush, we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama weve added $6.5 trillion to the debt.
Says a U.S. Supreme Court justice suggested that some U.S. cases will be decided based on South African law.
"We have a director of homeland security who cannot use and will not use the term 'terrorist attack' but instead substitutes 'man-made disaster.' "
President Barack Obama took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commissions ideas. Not one.
Hillary Clinton in 2005 co-sponsored legislation that would jail flag burners.
Says the paperback edition of Mitt Romneys book deleted line that Massachusetts individual mandate should be the model for the country
Maggie Hassan raised tuition, making it the highest in America.
Says Terry McAuliffe is the person who invented the scheme to rent out the Lincoln Bedroom.
We created 800,000 new jobs, we cut the unemployment rate almost in half and today New York State has more private sector jobs than it has ever had in its history
We have towns in West Texas that are out of water, that are having to truck in water.
They were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in 06. And they couldnt get environmental impact statements.
"Sen. Obama's campaign announced that he's choosing his cabinet."
In 2008, only 54 percent of Latinos in Texas were registered to vote and only 35 percent actually turned out.
Only 2 percent of public high schools in the country offer PE classes.
Said he's the only Republican candidate "who's actually turned around a government economy."
On military recruiters at Harvard, Elena Kagan "took a position and the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that she was wrong."
There are 321,092 public school teachers in Texas. And there are 313,850 non-teachers in our public schools.
Under Mayor Cicilline, [Providence] was a sanctuary city.
At Bain Capital, we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised.
Says the man who rushed the stage at him in Dayton, Ohio, had chatter about ISIS, or with ISIS in his social media posts.
U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey gave the government the power to electronically spy on Americans without a warrant.
Alex Sink funneled three quarters of a million dollars in no-bid contracts to Bank of America.
If you take the population growth here in Virginia, we are net zero on job creation since (Bob McDonnell) became governor.
Under Obama, home values in Florida collapsed, construction jobs were lost and the state had a high foreclosure rate.
The new Arizona immigration law "says that any police officer can stop anyone who appears to them to be reasonably suspicious of being an undocumented person."
The only time in our history when the debt has been higher than this was the end of World War II.
The cost of health care is now the single-biggest factor driving down the federal budget deficit.
During the recession, the consumer in his native perversity has begun to save. The savings rate is now 6.2 percent.
On whether a U.S. Supreme Court nominee should be forthcoming at confirmation hearings.
Says one out of three U.S. homeless men is a veteran.
Says Charlie Crist supports cuts to the Medicare Advantage program.
Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for birth control.
In the past 20 years, Egypt has made great strides in political and democratic reform.
The amount of attention paid this week to Chris Christie makes the coverage of Benghazi ... pale in significance.
Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland voted to keep the shutdown going.
There is a federal criminal law that says its a crime to transport dentures across state lines.
We built a new prison every 10 days between 1990 and 2005 to keep up with our mass incarceration explosion of nonviolent offenders.
Sen. McCain's tax plan provides "virtually nothing to the middle class."
Austin is burdened by the fastest-growing tax increases of any major city in the nation.
Phoenix, Arizona, is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.
I belong to the AFL-CIO.
The insurance commissioner cant do squat about health care.
President Ronald Reagan sent troops into conflict only in one circumstance, which was in Grenada We were in a peacekeeping setting in Lebanon.
Says David Jolly supports privatizing Social Security.
Did you know US population growth is at its lowest since the Great Depression?
The average student in Florida, what they actually pay out of pocket at our major universities for tuition is as much or less than what they spend on cellphones.
Since 1968, more Americans have died from gunfire than died in all the wars of this countrys history.
A foreclosure tax that would take effect in 2013 could mean a high tax bill for those facing foreclosure and millions of families who modified their mortgage or had a short sale through their lender.
The Florida Department of Agricultures website FreshFromFlorida.com can be used to get a permit to carry a loaded hidden gun without ever leaving your house.
Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, would help lift over a million Americans out of poverty.
Says Secretary of State John Kerry, when he was a senator, flew to Managua and met with a communist dictator there, Daniel Ortega, and accused the Reagan administration of engaging in terrorism.
NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... Im sure Im not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.
"Sen. Obama has always had a 100 percent prochoice rating."
The (federal) debt is growing by more than $4 billion a day.
Of our 98,000 teachers who are K-12, over 53,000 of those teachers today are over 50 years old.
Two-thirds of Wisconsinites receiving unemployment checks are not required to search for work due to current work search exemptions.
Says Obama promised unemployment would never go above 8 percent.
The economy is creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999.
President Obama decided not to meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in New York.
In a majority of states, you can now marry freely, but can still be fired for who you love.
About half of the presidents have been governors; half of them, senators.
After Britains vote to leave the European Union, within 24 hours, Americans lost $100 billion from our 401(k)s.
Medicaid spending declined by 1.9 percent in 2012, the second such decline in 47 years.
Says 88 Texas constables have died in the line of duty.
Gov. Rick Scott cut the cost of prepaid college tuition by nearly $20,000.
The city of Columbus would save $41 million a year if employees had to contribute to their own, guaranteed-check pensions.
"As Florida's CFO, I shut down Krakow's scam and refunded more than $1.2 million to Josephine and other victims of this con man."
You had more women getting computer sciences degrees in the 80s by a factor of 2-plus than you do now.
The Air Force wants taxpayers to fund a fantasy football league.
Some neighborhood schools are closing.
"He told gay organizers in Massachusetts he would be a stronger advocate for special rights than even Ted Kennedy."
The years that I was speaker, the Florida House consistently offered leaner budgets than the governor offered.
We are already almost halfway to our 2010 goal of creating 700,000 new jobs in seven years.
Says the U.S. Supreme Court found that Social Security is not guaranteed.
SaysMichael Bennet wants to close Guantanamo Bay prisonand bring terrorists right here to Colorado.
Oregonians have an amazing no-cost way to fight abortion with free political donations
Research shows that a vast majority of arriving immigrants today come here because they believe that government is the source of prosperity, and thats what they support.
Newt Gingrichs immigration plan offers a new doorway to amnesty.
Mr. Caprio is a career politician who has never worked in the private sector.
In Rhode Island, 9 percent of workers use the states temporary disability insurance program each year while in New Jersey, the rate is only 3 percent.
In just 17 years, spending for Social Security, federal health care and interest on the debt will exceed ALL tax revenue!
President Obama took more money from Wall Street in the 2008 campaign than anybody ever had.
"Hillary Clinton has taken over $800,000 from lobbyists."
Barack Obama has never even worked in business.
Says Gov. Rick Perry has been begging for the federal government to send the Coast Guard to patrol two lakes on the U.S.-Mexico border.
On the VA: Over 300,000 veterans have died waiting for care.
Were now spending 42 percent of our economy on government.
Rob Cornilles supports privatizing Medicare.
In 2005, Dan Branch tried to expand third-trimester abortions in Texas.
Whether you like to admit it or not, half our general revenue goes to education.
Im the only one whos fought against developers draining the Everglades!
Climate change is directly related to the growth of terrorism.
The jobs bill includes President Obamas tax on soup kitchens
Says the Obama administration spent taxpayer dollars on electric cars in Finland (and) windmills in China.
We have more illegal immigrants here than we did five years ago.
Says Rick Perry wrote a letter supporting Hillarycare.
The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office received zero complaints about the Washington Redskins name.
(Mexican immigrants) are more law-abiding than U.S. citizens and that is a statistic.
There are already more American jobs in the solar industry than in coal mining.
Romney failed to take action against "sanctuary cities" in Massachusetts.
Says Thomas Eric Duncan came into the United States with an elevated temperature.
We have been in Afghanistan longer now than we have been in any foreign land conducting a war in our nations history.
Webster sponsored a bill to create a form of marriage that would trap women in abusive relationships.
Says judges get better benefits at a lower cost than everybody else in the state.
There are a lot of casinos across the country that have gone bankrupt.
Small businesses create 70 percent of the jobs in America.
If Texas were a country our economy would rank # 10...in the WORLD.
There are more oil rigs in operation in the United States than the rest of the world combined.
It is a commitment voters take very seriously: The only incumbent in Ohio to break his Pledge and vote for Ted Stricklands income tax hike was defeated soundly on Tuesday.
The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown.
The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.
[W]e see Americas prison population exploding, with America having a greater percentage of its people behind bars than any other nation in the world!
In Texas, the No. 1 name for new male babies many of whom will vote one day is Jose.
Marco Rubio voted against authorizing President Obama to strike Syria after Assad used chemical weapons on his own people.
Under the Cash for Clunkers program, all we've got to do is ... go to a local junkyard, all you've got to do is tow it to your house. And you're going to get $4,500.
Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real.
Point Pleasant Beach does not own its beaches; they are privately owned and operated by businesses such as Jenkinsons
"In the past year, more than 20 percent of Americans have changed their mind about the war in Afghanistan. They conclude we shouldn't be there."
In the last five years, 28,000 people have been killed along the U.S.-Mexico border.
The state of Ohio has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation right now and is leading the pack in terms of job creation.
Says Obama health reform law denies millions access to affordable insurance.
Says HB2 hasnt moved the needle one iota on North Carolinas economy.
Close to 30% of our federal prison population consists of illegal immigrants.
Says Rick Scott called education not a core function of the state.
The Family Research Council, according to some government agencies, is a terrorist group.
Says Rep. Jim Weidner proposed a bill taking away health care for 80,000 of Oregons children.
Says that in the 1985 election former Gov. Tom Kean had the largest winning margin for a gubernatorial candidate in Jersey history.
Obamacare is the biggest tax increase in American history.
"You ... said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief."
The median male worker in this country has not seen a raise, inflation adjusted, for 30 years, basically.
Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett has held the line on property taxes.
Im the only member of the House of Representatives who raised most of his campaign funds in the last election from small contributions of less than $200.
Unlike the gridlock in Washington, more than 80 percent of the bills we passed during this General Assembly had bipartisan support.
Josh Mandel is lying about his own record. The rating of Ohios investment fund has NOT improved.
"At the beginning of the last decade ... America had a budget surplus of over $200 billion. By the time I took office, we had a one-year deficit of over $1 trillion and projected deficits of $8 trillion over the next decade."
U.S. taxpayers are being forced to fund Feisal Abdul Raufs trip to the Middle East.
Milwaukee County taxpayers paid $370,000 to settle a lawsuit over a decision by Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. to use untrained corrections officers rather than deputies to patrol the lakefront.
There are Justice Department policies against FBI Director James Comey discussing details of a federal investigation so close to an election.
Democratic presidents "have been considerably more effective at creating private-sector jobs."
Joe Biden "voted against the first Gulf War. He opposed the surge. He wanted to partition Iraq."
Says Rush Limbaugh made it clear hed rather see the country fail than President Barack Obama succeed.
Says that under Rick Perrys plan, Texas has cut funding for public schools by 25%.
The Paul Ryan budget proposal would privatize Medicare.
High school students arrested on campus are twice as likely not to graduate and four times less likely to graduate if theyve appeared in court.
...Over 30 years, federal spending on education has grown by 375 percent, but test scores remain flat.
Says cuts to Medicare affect people who have already paid in. We paid for it.
David Alameel is giving thousands of dollars to support the Republican Party candidates including John Cornyn and Greg Abbott.
The American healthcare system burns 18 percent of our national GDP. Nobody else is close.
Providences port is 200 miles closer to Europe than any other Eastern port.
Says you need a photo ID to purchase Sudafed in Texas.
Twenty percent of housing in Portlands Pearl District is affordable.
Says allowing the payroll tax holiday to expire would end up costing another estimated 900,000 jobs in 2012.
Obama's budget plan would take national debt up to about 80 percent of gross national product. ... Historically, it's been about 40 percent.
Says Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Affairs scandal is over-exaggerated. She said she was satisfied with what was going on.
We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest theyve been in 50 years.
In the 1950s, "A lot of people got rich and they had to pay a top tax rate of 90 percent."
The Charleston, S.C., shootershould have never been given a gun, but the universal background check was not fast enough.
"Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier."
Twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional.
Warren (Buffett) still does support me.
Says George LeMieux was one of two Republicans who voted for President Barack Obamas jobs bill.
A precinct in the Allen West-Patrick Murphy recount has 7 registered voters in Guatemalan community and the tally showed 900 voted!!!!!
About 230,000 people that were on unemployment when I took office are not on unemployment now.
One person, Kathleen Sebelius, was going to determine whether or not 10-year-old lung patient Sarah Murnaghan would live or die.
Local law enforcement . . . will have access to the [Obamacare] Data Hubs treasure trove of personal info.
During his tenure as mayor, he saw Houstons crime rates drop to the lowest levels in more than 25 years.
John McCain, "one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires," says the solution to the housing crisis is for people to get a "second job" and "skip their vacations."
Terry McAuliffe wants to raise your taxes $1,700 to pay for his infinite promises.
Since the federal Violence Against Women Act was adopted in 1994, cases of domestic violence have fallen by 67 percent.
Nearly half of all pregnancies in the U.S. are unintended.
The top 1 percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country.
The difference over the (previous) four years between where things were headed and where we brought them to over the last four years is a total of $816 in saved property tax money.
The United States does not have a system through which growers and dairies can bring a workforce legally into the U.S.
Says he never said he would keep education funding the same.
Since 1978, college tuition nationwide has gone up something like four times the rate of inflation.
Most of, if not all of, the [DeKalb school construction] projects always came in on or were under budget.
"(Palin) supported right-wing extremist Pat Buchanan for president in 2000."
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to block American energy production and increase energy taxes.
Says Jeanne Shaheen voted for a measure that would have amounted to a new national energy tax.
Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans.
While fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination, state Sen. Glenn Grothman said he didnt believe women belonged in the workplace but belonged at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.
If you put the $47 billion in revenue (raised over 10 years by the Buffett rule) into infrastructure you could create 611,000 infrastructure jobs.
"I have repeatedly said that many of the predatory loans that were made in the mortgage system did target African-American and Latino communities."
Starting in December 2007, 1.4 million jobs were created in Texas. In that same period, the rest of the country lost 400,000 jobs.
The (health reform) legislation which Washington passed last year has made it more difficult to hire because its increased costs for employers.
The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs.
Thompson "voted against $250,000 caps on damages (and) almost anything that would make our legal system fairer."
On using the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
Immigrants are more fertile.
The proposed education changes "will not cut one teacher's pay."
Firearms homicides are down about 40 percent since Texas passed concealed-gun permit law.
Upwards of 90 percent of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an ultrasound.
"If you got rid of the income tax today you'd have about as much revenue as we had 10 years ago."
Jason Kander supports [Obamas] plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorists to U.S. soil.
Have the suburbs been inundated with former residents of Atlanta housing projects? Absolutely not.
In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital.
Blames Mike McIntyre and Nancy Pelosi for the second straight year of no cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries.
The government is going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it.
The American people support defunding Obamacare and oppose shutting down the government.
Nobody has played clips over and over ...of President Obama (saying), If they bring a knife to the fight, well bring a gun.
This year in Congress (Connie Mack IV) has missed almost half of his votes.
1/3 of our kids drop out (of high school), cannot go to college or start a career.
Not even old Gen. Eisenhower saluted military personnel as president.
If Wisconsins governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector counterparts.
You cant get on an airplane, but more than 2,000 people on that list have been able to buy a gun.
74 percent of Republicans support the Affordable Care Act.
Says Alex Sink failed Florida homeowners by using predatory lending practices.
Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed.
You cant check out a library book without a photo ID.
Atmospheric conditions could push a footballs pressure down approximately one-and-a-half pounds per square inch.
Hillary Clinton supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth, including partial-birth abortion, with taxpayer funding.
Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are legal refugees could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools.
We went from losing 3 million jobs in the last six months of the Bush Administration, adding almost 600,000 private sector jobs in the first six months of the year.
In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005.
A college loan is the only loan in the United States that you cannot refinance when interest rates go down.
The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
We are younger than our competitors, and this is entirely because of immigration.
Says 24 million people in this country cant find a full-time job, 50 million cant see a doctor when theyre sick, 47 million people need government help to feed themselves and 15 million families owe more than the value of their home.
Says he raised average family income by 50 percent during his tenure as Arkansas governor.
President Reagan did it (raised the debt ceiling) 18 times. George W. Bush did it seven times.
Most young Americans right now, theyre not covered by health insurance.
In 1952, the corporate income tax accounted for 33 percent of all federal tax revenue. Today, despite record-breaking profits, corporate taxes bring in less than 9 percent.
Over the last 10 years, Texas created 33 percent of the net new jobs nationwide.
As a U.S. senator with salary and perks, ‪#Bernie‬ is in the top 1 percent, but still paid only 13 percent in taxes last year.
"You know we can't just pull out now... The truth of the matter is: If we started today, it would take one year, one year to get 160,000 troops physically out of Iraq, logistically."
Says Texas routinely gets a lot more federal spending than it pays in taxes.
Cell phone numbers go public this month.
Says it has offered $12 million in savings through 2011 and $184 million in savings over the next 25 years in contract negotiations with the City of Milwaukee.
Clackamas County Commissioners approved a re-negotiated agreement to lower the countys contribution to TriMets Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project to $19.9 million from $25 million.
Says Texas has 11 different felonies you can commit with an oyster.
The Obama administration is unwinding our nations welfare-to-work requirements.
Electric car sales in Georgia have dropped dramatically since a $5,000 tax credit was eliminated and a $200 annual registration fee was imposed July 1.
As many as six federal department budget bills have been delayed because of opposition to amendments that would ban Confederate battle flag sales at federal building gift shops.
Now, in the House of Representatives, we have 40 different jobs bills that have passed and almost all of them have been bipartisan.
Republican (small business tax cut) bill spends $80 million for better Google searches, not job creation
A 2013 state law would allow the operator of an iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin to fill in pristine streams and ponds with mine waste.
America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world.
If black America were a country, itd be the 15th wealthiest nation in the world.
It has been estimated that nearly 40 percent of all guns sold in America are sold by private, unlicensed sellers either online or through gun shows.
"2008 was the deadliest year of the war (in Afghanistan) for American forces."
Florida teachers are "already paid $5,000 below the national average."
Says Amanda Fritz manages less than 5 percent of city operations.
Polls show that Floridians dont want to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Says Congressman Bill Pascrell voted to remove the public option from the Affordable Health Care Act.
Lawmakers were paid for their off-season efforts to, for the first time, take the lead in drawing borders for two would-be cities.
On offshore drilling for energy
Under a proposed medical marijuana amendment in Florida, you dont get refills -- you get it forever.
"I haven't missed a vote since 1993."
Says the treasurers office has saved $37 million in management costs for the oversight of public investments.
Says Georgia will send more state money per child to state charter schools and that budget cuts are not applied to those charter schools.
Jorge Elorza wants to impose a municipal income tax.
The Supreme Court cant overrule the other two branchesof government.
Massachusetts public schools teach kids as young as kindergartners about gay marriage.
We are accepting more legal immigrants than we ever have in the history (of the United States.)
Congress is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus but in 2008 and 2012 explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure.
Gov. Maggie Hassans budget proposal raises taxes on small businesses and increases taxes and fees by $100 million.
Only in Washington would politicians spend $27 million to teach Moroccans how to make pottery.
Hillary Clinton "starts off with 47 percent of the country against her."
SaysRand Paulhas put out budgets to cut the military in half.
Says legislative cuts mean Texas is spending on average $500 less per student.
Says Williamson County Attorney Jana Duty has never prosecuted a single adult felony case.
The fundraising numbers are in, and our grassroots support is unmatched!
Issue 2 makes it illegal for us to negotiate for enough firefighters to do the job.
Says although the unemployment rate seems to be improving, it does not reflect real job creation -- its caused by a shrinking of the actual labor force.
Obama voted "to cut off funding for our American troops on the battlefield."
In general, it appears Wisconsins right to work bill would likely apply to the Green Bay Packers players and their union.
The so-called defense minister of the Peoples Republic of Donetsk ... actually posted a bragging social media posting of having shot down a military transport. And then when it became apparent it was civilian, they pulled it down from social media.
Right now one of our highest job growth sectors is Leisure and Hospitality. Weve added jobs that mostly fall within the restaurant and bar sector industry. These are not high-paying jobs, as the U.S. Department of Labor estimates this is an industry sector with the lowest average wages and the lowest proportion of its workforce earning minimum or subminimum wage jobs.
Gov. Scott Walker bought 80 new, brand-new vehicles for the state that we probably dont need.
Its gotten to a point where the average federal worker makes twice as much as the average private sector worker.
These 15 political appointees (on the IPAB) will make all the major health care decisions for over 300 million Americans.
Says stores will be barred from selling 100-watt light bulbs as of 2012.
Before our last three presidents, you have to go back to the 1800s, early 1800s to find three presidents in a row being consecutively re-elected.
Jason Carter supports using Georgia tax dollars to promote Obamacare
"The most recent Associated Press poll has Nader-Gonzalez at 6 percent, without any national coverage, against McCain and Obama."
There have even been Republican congressmen who have said, If you give us more money we dont know where we would even put additional Border Patrol agents.
Today, for the first time in fifteen years, Master Locks unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity.
Tom Reed has actually voted for every single trade deal that has ever come before him in any form.
ISIS camp a few miles from Texas, Mexican authorities confirm.
New federal projections estimate that the health care overhaul will cost $1.76 trillion over 10 years -- well above the $940 billion Democrats originally claimed.
Common Core is not from the federal government, they do not have their fingerprints on this thing at all.
Social Security is indeed a Ponzi scheme.
Says Scott Walker brags a lot about having an independent agency investigate police shootings. Of course, he didnt fund it.
What the Arizona law does is make a state crime out of something that already is... a federal crime.
In Miami-Dade County, we spend at our school system over $20 million every year educating recent immigrants.
The omnibus bill has only $3.8 billion in earmarks.
Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history.
"Senator McCain has been talking tough about earmarks, and that's good, but earmarks account for about $18-billion of our budget."
We pay among the highest tolls in the nation for the privilege of crossing that bridge.
Says real estate taxes were put in place to pay for Obamacare.
Says Kay Bailey Hutchison voted for sanctuary cities.
Says opponent Mary Burke told reporters she would have required workers to give up bargained-for healthcare and retirement benefits like Gov. Walker.
McCain "hired some of the biggest lobbyists in Washington to run his campaign."
We do not want to raise anybodys tax rates. Thats never been on the table.
This is the first time a party has picked up multiple seats during a regular election since the mid 1980s, making this the largest majority of any party in more than 25 years.
"John wasn't this raging populist four years ago" when he ran for president.
House Republicans who complained they didnt have enough time to consider a constitutional ban against oil drilling shoved through a proposal in just a few days to open state waters to oil drilling.
Says no one from the Bush family attended the 2012 Republican National Convention and there was no President Bush at the 2008 convention.
(Flint, Mich., is) paying three times more for poison water than I am paying in Burlington, Vt., for clean water.
Weve got a personal tax system thats so complicated it costs Americans about $500 billion a year to comply with the current tax code.
(Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care.
In the case of General Motors, the (Bush) administration wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change.
Says Miami Congressman Carlos Curbelo supports drilling offshore and repeatedly voted against President Obamas ability to fight pollution and combat climate change.
When President, then candidate, Obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his campaign, they refused to do it.
Oregon is the only state out of the 50 states in the USA that continues to pay 100% of the medical benefits for its employees and their families.
You wonder why you dont see Rand Paul as much; hes still shopping for his billionaire. Hes like the only one who hasnt found a billionaire to fund his super PAC.
Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent.
The Mitchell Park Domes lose about $1 million-plus every year and the number of people going to the Domes has been going down.
Under a bill before the legislature, youd have to go to court to fire an employee.
There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used.
In the entire public school system in Camden last year, only three students graduated college ready.
Says nearly 29,000 Oregonians almost 5 percent of all homeowners are 90 days or more delinquent on their mortgage.
Under the Hate Crimes bill, "any pastor, preacher, priest, rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual practices could be found guilty of a federal crime."
This is what President Obama said the jobless rate would be if we passed the stimulus: 5.6 percent.
Says Newt Gingrich made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion.
U.S. global AIDS spending helped reduce political instability and violence by 40 percent in recipient nations.
The actual (construction) contracts that weve awarded to date have come in several hundred million dollars below estimates.
State school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation.
There were more people on welfare than working in 2013.
Says Tammy Baldwin introduced a bill that would require doctors and other health care workers to ask patients, including young children, whether they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or if they know their gender identity.
Says State Rep. Kristi Thibaut was an ACORN lobbyist.
In fiscal year 2011-2012, 4,191 abortions were paid for by taxpayers via the Oregon Health Plan.
Any legislative action that is taken now could very well be rendered completely null and void by the decision of the Supreme Court expected this June.
After how hard you work and how much you pay in taxes, New York City ends up getting the money. Im Chris Jacobs. I think its time we have someone in Albany thats making sure our region gets our fair share
Amazing fact: Senate has already voted on more amendments in 2015 than Reid allowed ALL YEAR last year.
Says state Supreme Court candidate Joe Donald twice supported incumbent Justice Rebecca Bradley.
One out of every four students fails to earn a high school diploma. In our major cities across America, half of our kids dont graduate.
There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange.
Texas leads the nation in the percentage of residents without health insurance.
This administration and this Congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the Democrats took control.
Mitt Romney is the first major party candidate for president of the United States in modern times not to release at least 12 years of tax returns.
Gov. Rick Perry spent over a million dollars on D.C. lobbyists asking for more federal money and lives in a luxury house that costs taxpayers $10,000 a month.
Says Ohio law gives tax breaks to rich people who own private jets.
Says New Hampshire has the third-highest property tax in the country.
Obama's tax plan cuts taxes "for 95 percent of all working families."
Says Colorado Democraticcongressional candidate MorganCarroll racked up $11 billion in new spending in the state Legislature.
59 percent of Americans today believe that Barack Obama is still a Muslim.
Carol Shea-Porter wants to increase taxes on small business and job creators.
"People were hopeless. Sixty percent of the population, 70 percent of the population wanted to live somewhere else. . . . By the time I left, 70 percent wanted to stay."
A bill delaying the start of classes until Labor Day would permit school districts to shave 5 full weeks off the school year.
On whether the United States should intervene in Libya.
Says Texas ranks 49th nationally in what we are doing to support our per-pupil investment in education in the state.
Despite keeping distance from national media interviewers, I did local press all along, the last three months.
In 2006, Bernie Sanders voted in the House with hard-line Republicans for indefinite detention for undocumented immigrants, and then he sided with those Republicans to stand with vigilantes known as Minutemen who were taking up outposts along the border to hunt down immigrants.
There was a Gallup poll in Egypt last year, and 70 percent of Egyptians dont want our money.
"The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent."
Scott Maddox has run "losing campaigns for 3 of Florida's 4 available cabinet positions."
Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year on tax preparation.
The budget I managed at the Department of Education was more than $60 million.
We are now, for the first time ever, energy independent.
Last year, Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour.
Right now, 50 percent of Florida students leaving high school cannot read at grade level.
Says Republican Sen. John McCain won more votes for president in Cuyahoga County in the 2008 general election than he did in seven states.
Marco Rubio voted against funding health clinics that provide critical care during this public health emergency (Zika).
SaysPeter Kilmartin voted in favor of expanding the good behavior statute to sex offenders.
On letting Occupy Atlanta protesters stay in Woodruff Park.
There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850.
In first week as governor, Tim Kaine proposed a nearly $4 billion tax increase, $4 billion, including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 a year.
On Lee Fishers watch, almost nine out of 10 jobs that Ohio lost were lost to other states, not to other countries.
Every president has raised the debt ceiling.
Limiting labor negotiations to only wages is how it is for the most part in the private sector.
Says on contraception, his plan is cheaper and easier for you than Sen. Mark Udalls
Families in Del Valle, who are City of Austin residents, have to drive to Bastrop to go to the closest grocery store.
Mark Warner voted for nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and $7 trillion in new debt.
State government spending will be increase 10.7 percent this year.
Says Democrats first proposed prohibiting the government from negotiating prices for prescription drugs in Medicare Part D and he had nothing to do with that provision in the law.
The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973 and the average worker is making what they were making in 1996.
A United Nations arms treaty would almost certainly force the U.S. to create an international gun registry, setting the stage for full-scale gun confiscation.
More people die from medical misadventures than firearm accidents nationally and in Florida.
When we took office, let me remind you, there was virtually no international pressure on Iran.
The minimum wage is mostly an entry-level wage for young people.
Says six studies verify that the math adds up for Mitt Romneys tax plan.
"In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror."
"As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies."
This year, were off to our best private-sector jobs growth since 1999.
Says abortion doctors are flying into this state, performing abortions and flying out.
Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate for health insurance.
There have been at least 100 shootings each year [Angel Taveras] has been mayor of Providence.
Maurice Ferre says Kendrick Meek has voted 98.6 percent of the time with the Democrat party.
One in four inmates is an illegal immigrant.
Wisconsin is dead last in income growth among midwestern states during Gov. Scott Walkers term.
A three-cents-per-ounce soda tax in Philadelphia would result in the loss of 2,000 family-sustaining Teamster Union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry.
"I have had the challenge during this administration to suspend no less than 37 public officials in about 36 months."
Kendrick Meek was #1 in Florida in taking tobacco cash and then opposed a tax on cigars that would have helped pay for childrens health care.
Federal Reserve policies have led to a 69 percent rise in corn prices, 44 percent rise in wheat prices and 15 percent spike in sugar prices over the last year.
On repeal of Wisconsins smoking ban
Ninety percent of Texans say they do not want the nursing homes to close. It polls higher than anything else.
Race to the Top grants require participating states to adopt the Common Core standards as a condition for receiving federal funding.
McCain sought the political support of minister John Hagee, "who believes Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for gay rights and called the Catholic Church 'the Antichrist' and a 'false cult.'"
Says 51 percent of federal tax filers paid zero federal income tax.
Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, the stock market lost 2,000 points.
Since Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker took office, we are losing jobs at rates not seen in decades.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin supports a tax increase that President Obama says would cost middle-class families $3,000 per year.
I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years.
Wisconsins attorney general and state treasurer ordered the daughter of Earth Day founder Gaylord Nelson not to discuss climate change on state time.
Says unions take away hard-earned money of teachers, firefighters and police officers to play politics.
President Bush never did one interview with the New York Times during his entire presidency.
14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day.
Mr. Trump is self-financing his campaign, so we dont have any donors.
Nearly 2,000 high schools - roughly 12 percent of all secondary schools in the United States - produce about half of the nations dropouts.
Embryonic stem cell research is at a dead end, with no one good example of a successful treatment.
Says Libya Ambassador (Christopher) Stevens sent 600 requests for help in Benghazi.
Tens of thousands of Atlanta households pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent.
Rick Perry had planned to retire from the legislature until his best friend, David Weeks, and I talked him into switching parties and running for the GOP nomination for agriculture commissioner.
As the usage [of synthetic marijuana] has dramatically increased, instances of violence, bodily harm and even death have risen with it.
Out of 150,000 tenured teachers in the last 10 years, only 17 have been dismissed for incompetence.
The Providence teacher contract is one of the longest in the country.
Look at the debt that has been accumulated in the last two years. Its more debt under this president than all those other presidents combined.
Annual precipitation has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century.
The state budget proposal has been submitted on time and [its] the earliest that a governor has done so in over two decades.
Ohio is not meeting its obligation to update voter registrations when voters change their address with the BMV.
Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in Texas.
What we have now is the most generous, in my opinion, good time bill in the entire United States.
There is no Plan B if the transportation referendum is not passed by voters.
The most likely triggering cause of (microcephaly) is the DTaP shot, a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the Brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women.
Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening).
Says she got unions to agree to about $10 million in reduction of salaries and health benefits while serving as Dane County executive in Wisconsin.
Democrats have lost more than 900 state legislators since Barack Obama has been president.
Carly Fiorina, shes against banning assault weapons.
"Hillary's baby bond proposal would give $5,000 to each of the 4-million babies born in the U.S. each year, totaling $20-billion per year, multiplied by four years = $80-billion."
If Rhode Island does a hybrid [retirement] plan well be the first state in the nation to do this.
Before the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, the State Department not only failed to honor repeated requests for additional security, but instead actually reduced security in Libya.
Failure to raise the debt limit does not force a U.S. default on debt payments.
Democrats in the Legislature in 2009 voted for various pork projects including a $5 million scoreboard for the Milwaukee Bucks.
"Bill McCollum holds the same position on (embryonic stem cell research) as Barack Obama."
In 1999, the NRA leadership in Washington, pretty much the same people intact, were for (expanded background checks.)
Turkey is an Arab country.
Newt Gingrichs presidential campaign has exactly the same challenges as Ronald Reagans successful 1980 bid.
The number of people in Atlanta dying from HIV and AIDS declined 59 percent between 2004 and 2012.
"8 years of the Clintons, major losses for Democrats across the nation."
92 percent of the jobs lost during Barack Obamas first term belonged to women.
"It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education."
We have 395 inmates pushed into triple-bunked cells intended for two inmates and bunked in classrooms and areas supposed to be designated for inmate labor.
The ACLU didnt call for an investigation (of the Newark police department), they called for an immediate federal monitor.
Says his executive order requiring young girls to be vaccinated against HPV wasnt mandatory.
Says a highway was closed in El Paso because of bullets flying across the border.
If the House of Representatives fails to extend the middle-class tax cuts, 400,000 middle-class Rhode Island families will see their federal income taxes increase.
95 percent of the income gains in the last few years have gone to the top 1 percent.
Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate.
We didnt go out and take information from the Hillary Clinton campaign.
Says Nikita Khrushchev brought an extra shoe to a United Nations session in 1960, which he banged on the desk in protest.
Jim Renacci voted repeatedly to end Medicare.
Sen. Joe Liebermans home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor.
Says this months special session will cost the state $27,300 a day just for legislators daily living expenses.
Wind powers nearly 13 million homes across the country.
Says businesses pay roughly 60 percent of taxes in Texas.
Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year
Says Donald Trump wants to deport our Dreamers.
Says Barack Obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come to the United States.
Says a lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for cutting children into small pieces.
Says Oregon is near the top or at the top of the list when it comes to capital gains tax
"The No. 1 issue that the American people care about is getting America back to work."
Says in 1944 we were in debt more than twice as much as we are now.
Says Ronda Storms voted to fund the Taj Mahal courthouse.
In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive than the United States.
Last week the Blue Chip Economic Indicators came out that surveys lots of private forecasters. Almost all of them are predicting a turnaround in the third quarter and positive growth in the fourth quarter.
Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, thats probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade.
Says Ohios I-X Center used to be a great plant, but thousands of people of worked here, and they left when their jobs were moved overseas.
Under a new law, doctors performing drug-induced abortions could be charged if women dont return to them for follow-up care
Says veterans disability claims backlog doubled in Obamas first term.
At a minimum, 40 percent of those who view child pornography end up molesting children as a result.
Romney adviser admits Romneycare was blueprint for Obamacare.
Its hard to get people in Portland to vote yes on ballot measures, especially when theres opposition.
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me.
Some businesses in Oregon are having to shrink back their businesses as a result of the law.
I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does.
On abortion
Says he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion.
In 2010 alone, 1,270 infants were reported to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year.
Says the No. 2 cause of death in the U.S. (for) women under 50 is being killed by their spouse or domestic partner.
Just about everyone everywhere is spending more hours on the job, less time with their families, bringing home smaller and smaller paychecks, while theyre paying more and more at the gas pump and the grocery stores.
The hour of sleep you lose during the change to daylight saving time might initially pose some health risks.
I am the first Latina to run for governor of Texas.
Says Every legislative district in the state has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers.
Wisconsins criminal threshold for drunken-driving is way out of line with states surrounding us, which have the second offense as a felony.
In Ohio, we invested in our children, raising school funding by 5.5 percent in the last budget.
The poverty level in the Dallas school district is one of the highest in the country, higher than New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Detroit and Newark.
Says in the last six months of the Bush administration, the U.S. lost 3.5 million jobs, including 760,000 jobs during January 2009 alone.
In 2007, when Nancy Pelosi met with President Assad of Syria, nobody got upset.
For the past eight years, Gov. Carcieri and Mrs. Carcieri would host the lighting of the State House Christmas tree.
Rhode Island has the the second-most heavily deployed National Guard in the United States.
Nearly 90% of Travis County government races will be settled by the time of the Democratic primary.
Says Mahatma Gandhi once said, First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
"The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts (congressional) leadership and committee staff."
Says the number of Americans living at or below the poverty line is at its highest level since 1964.
The IRS will have the ability potentially to deny or delay health care.
Deregulation of the states telecommunications industry will create 50,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
We admit about 100,000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East every year.
Says paid family leave is a program that is standard in all but five nations around the world.
Nearly 14,000 Wisconsinites have lost their job since Governor Walker and the Republicans took over in January.
For the average middle-class family, your taxes today are lower than when I took office.
Barack Obama "passed laws moving people from welfare to work."
Says Mitt Romney is wrong to claim that spending under Obama has accelerated at a pace without precedent in recent history, because its actually risen slower than at any time in nearly 60 years.
Says President Barack Obama promised a pathway to citizenship to undocumented immigrants and didnt deliver jack squat on any of it.
California has robust job growth that outpaces the rest of the nation.
The Richardson-Denish administration gave 50,000 drivers licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico.
If youre a Mexican, you get sent back. ... But if youre from a noncontiguous country like the Central American countries then you can stay in the United States.
Says the United States actually exports more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since, I think, 1949.
Says Richard Burr was one of only three senators who voted against a ban on insider trading for members of Congress. And he called that vote brave.
Rhode Island is the only state where officers at state-supported [colleges] carry out their duties unarmed.
Says the United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
It was allowed, referring to her email practices.
"The law is very clear! 'The monies recouped from the TARP shall be paid into the general fund of the treasury for the reduction of the public debt.'"
Our veterans, in many cases, are being treated worse than illegal immigrants.
Says Rob Portman was a registered foreign agent whose client was Haiti, at a time when the Baby Doc, Duvalier, who was a despot, was killing people.
Says President Barack Obamas acceptance of an Islamic order and gold medal was unconstitutional.
In 2010, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office found that only 6.5 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border was under full control of the Border Patrol.
Demand for transportation choice is on the rise, with 14 percent more Ohioans riding passenger trains over the past year.
A poll conducted in Egypt revealed that 80 percent of Egyptians oppose receiving foreign aid from the United States.
We spend twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation on Earth.
Says the Texas Education Agency follows up to make sure undocumented immigrants paying in-state tuition at Texas colleges are applying for permanent residency.
Says 18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections.
Hidden in the healthcare.gov code is language that means users waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information.
"One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform)."
Most military experts say there is anywhere between 25 and 30 members of al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
In Cranston, it costs $5,000 to $6,000 to send out community notifications on just one Level 3 sex offender.
The United States is not building the aircraft, the long-range bombers, the additional aircraft carriers, the nuclear submarines.
Every year we spend roughly $500 billion on tax compliance. That is roughly the budget of our entire military, entirely wasted on tax compliance.
They say teachers only make on averagein New Jersey 60,000 dollars a year.They only work 180 days.
Exporters are using a federal loophole to deceptively sell products made from cat and dog fur to U.S. consumers.
The city of Atlanta has either the highest or second-highest average water bills in the country.
Mitt Romneys and Bain Capitals profits from KB Toys, which later went out of business, were described by the Boston Herald as disgusting.
Roy Coopers refusal to do his job is costing taxpayers money.
In exchange for five minutes with Bill Clinton, the government of Qatar was going to give $1 million to the Clinton Foundation.
"Speaker Rubio supported gun restrictions that included background checks and waiting periods."
Salaries of Austin residents who dont work for city government have not been going up 3 percent a year for the last several years.
Did you know that in 2013 over 50 percent of all babies born in Oregon were Hispanic?
We are one of only two states to have eight consecutive months of declining unemployment. Twenty-one states had increased unemployment last month. Ours went down.
Barack Obama wants to "unilaterally disarm our nation."
On an earmark moratorium.
Milwaukees problems include 52 percent black male unemployment.
Rob Cornilles has disputed for two years a news story that said he said he would cut Social Security and Medicare programs before trimming the U.S. defense budget.
Says Texas Railroad Commissioner Michael Williams has attended more than 150 tea party gatherings.
Harry Reid has voted to give special tax breaks to illegal aliens.
Job growth in the United States is now at the fastest pace in this countrys history.
Atlanta has issued an increasing number of citations - and collected an increasing amount of revenue - since Mayor Kasim Reed took office in 2010.
Says he was known as Veto Corleone for cutting spending as Florida governor.
The last time Republican U.S. Senate candidates beat more than two (incumbents) was 1980.
On how to respond to Puerto Ricos debt crisis.
The State of Rhode Island has the worst state-funded pension in the country.
More than any Republican governor in the 2014 elections, I took a higher percentage of the Republican voteand yet I also carried independents by 12 points.
After the 2012 redistricting, Wisconsin has competitive congressional districts.
"(John McCain) was even mentioned as a running mate with John Kerry."
"I've cast a couple of 99-1 votes" and been the lone dissenter.
Says hes never asked for more than inflationary budget increases in his 10 budgets as Milwaukee County sheriff
Under New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, homicides are up by 20 percent, and subway delays have soared 45 percent.
"And delivered more tax relief than the other Republicans combined."
Says U.S. Rep. Lamar Smith supported the $700 billion Wall Street bailout in 2008, "but now he is standing in the way of reforms that would assure these bailouts would never happen again.
7 out of 10 Oregon families living in poverty have at least one parent who works.
Ninety-seven percent of the time. Thats how often Mark Warner votes with President Obama.
Says Rick Perry is a 25-year incumbent.
Says an array of statistics show that conditions in some parts of Baltimore rival that of the West Bank in Palestine, North Korea, and distressed cities in Nigeria, India, China and South Africa.
The numbers make it clear that Georgia voters are increasingly taking advantage of early voting opportunities.
Says Ocean Spray is moving its Bordentown processing facility to Pennsylvania largely because of costs associated with the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.
On running for the presidency in 2012
Rhode Island is almost dead last among Northeastern states in the length of time first-degree murderers must spend in prison before theyre eligible for parole.
"All the really great programs in American history, Social Security, was done without Republicans. Medicare was done without Republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to get on board."
Diane Black voted to fund Obamacare.
Hurricane Sandy, the most destructive Atlantic storm ever.
The Hispanic population in Gwinnett and Henry counties has increased by 153 percent and 339 percent, respectively, since 2000 while Republican presidential candidates are getting a smaller percentage of the vote in those counties.
I was the most bipartisan senator in the United States Senate.
Says Gov. Scott Walker raises the pay of inmates, but we dont raise the pay of staff in our correctional institutions.
The current debate over authorizing military action against the Islamic State would be the first time Congress would place limits on the commander-in-chiefs ability to be commander-in-chief.
U.S. debt is now equal to 100 percent of the GDP.
Tom Ganley supports a 23 percent national sales tax that would raise taxes on the middle class while giving a huge tax break to millionaires like himself.
The marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago.
Barack Obama voted against born alive legislation in Illinois that was virtually identical to the federal law.
Says Trump shirts are made in Bangladesh, Trump suits in Mexico, Trump Vodka in the Netherlands, Trump crystal barware in Slovenia and his cufflinks and ties in China.
Says President Barack Obama has opened up no new trade relationships with other nations.
Says taxpayer subsidy for the Oregon Convention Center hotel jumped $100 million in closed-door sessions
Says you can buy four light bulbs for $1.99 at Walmart, while a single compact fluorescent lamp (CFL) costs $10 a pop.
(Jeb) Bush, not the State of Florida, decided which private emails to disclose.
"History tells us that job growth always lags behind economic growth."
Bill Howell has been the consistent force behind every major tax increase in Virginia in the last decade.
More than 9,000 Rhode Island voters used the Moderate Party master lever mechanism and they didnt have a single Moderate on their ballot.
"Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'"
"We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense."
In the 2014 elections, the American people overwhelmingly said we dont want Obamacare and we dont want amnesty.
Says Merrick Garland authored an opinion that resulted in the release of 17 Guantanamo Bay prisoners who were part of a group of violent Islamist extremists the State Department had designated as terrorists.
Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014.
Letting the Bush tax cuts expire would raise taxes on small businesses.
Statistics bear out that any time a country, a state, makes more restrictive abortion laws ... fatalities go up and abortions actually increase.
The presidents budget would take ... non-defense spending to its lowest level ... as a percentage of the economy since JFK.
Of the approximately 6 million disenfranchised felons in the United States, one-quarter are Floridians.
The Governor did not consult members of his own party before he released his [transportation] plan.
Ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for two.
Here in California, Donald Trump has given $12,000 to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Kamala Harris.
On support for the auto bailouts.
Ed Gillespies 2006 book promoted an individual health care mandate, and recommends that it be enforced by the IRS through the income tax code.
When Republican extremists tried to take away abortion rights Blake Rocap stopped them.
Says income tax rates under Eisenhower were as high as 90 percent.
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs.
If we had the same staffing ratio (of officers to residents) as Seattle, wed have 300 more officers in our department.
Department of Veterans Affairs doctors are prohibited from recommending medical marijuana.
When career politician Daniel Webster became speaker of the House, he wasted $32,000 of our money on a spiral staircase for his office.
Says the difference between her and Barack Obama is "about 35 years of experience."
22 veterans take their own lives each day.
Said former U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration was forced to resign two years ago because of his personal use of emails.
If you have ever visited Nashville or Washington D.C. you will see MANY names and initials carved into ... desks.
Tampa is the strip club capital of the world.
I unsealed my records at Marquette University.
Says that U.S. Rep. Allen West is a constituent of mine.
The U.S. gives foreign aid to Cuba and Venezuela, even though those countries are our enemies.
if the Agreement goes into effect, the millions of Mexican citizens who will become eligible for Social Security benefits may have a far stronger claim to benefits and protection against cuts than U.S. citizens!
Every one of the 67 supervisors of elections in Florida refused to carry out the effort to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls.
"Bill Richardson is the only major Democratic candidate with a plan to withdraw all American troops from Iraq. All of the other major Democratic candidates support leaving American troops in Iraq indefinitely."
I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York.
"Gov. Crist's veto also clears the way for taxpayer funding of abortion in Florida."
Says she condemned violence at a campaign stop in Arizona in March.
According to the most recent report, Wisconsins high school graduation rates are also up again -- to third best in the country.
In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy.
On immigration reform, Marco Rubio all along has been saying, We have to have border security first and then he gets on Spanish TV, he ends up saying, No, no. That will never get in the way.
Dem-controlled Ohio House voted to change the process, to create objective criteria, to modify the Constitution ... to take politics out of the efforts to draw legislative boundaries.
Obama "voted against critical resources: no to individual body armor, no to helicopters, no to ammunition, no to aircraft."
Says U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown is responsible for over $14 trillion in debt.
Florida has the most concealed weapon permits in the nation, nearly double that of the second state, which is Texas.
Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had 52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation and revenues were at an all-time high in 2007.
Says that compared to direct sales by manufacturers, consumers save avg of $500 per car sold through franchised dealer model.
Says that Josh Mandel voted to let insurance companies deny coverage for autism
Prior to Obamacare here in Wisconsin, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. After Obamacare, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. It hasnt had an impact.
The rifle used by Omar Mateen shoots off 700 rounds in a minute.
Building and running the Atlanta Streetcar is projected to create 1,399 jobs.
Wisconsin is one of the bluest states, but under Scott Walker its unemployment rate is around 3.5%.
Assault weapons and handguns are allowed in the state Capitol while bullhorns, trumpets, helium balloons and flags on poles are banned.
Teachers are working their third consecutive year -- some longer than that -- without salary increases.
The highest paid employee of the State of Rhode Island is a basketball coach.
"I don't have lobbyists running my campaign."
After (Jeb) Bushs two terms in office, Floridas graduation rate was dead last and remains near the bottom.
Farming is one of the fastest growing areas of our economy.
Weve seen the increase of alcohol use for underage kids even though alcohol has been illegal ... for kids under 21.
If we had been on Obamacare and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when I could get that CAT scan, that would have delayed my treatment.
The proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline is a bipartisan proposal.
On support for gay marriage.
Says Mitt Romney just gave a speech a few weeks ago and said we should still have troops in Iraq.
Says David Dewhurst explicitly advocated a guest worker program for all illegal immigrants.
A Republican proposal changes Medicare for those under age 55 so that they will participate in the same kind of health plan that members of Congress do.
Says the Affordable Care Act was a federal takeover of the student loan industry and profits on the loans go to help pay for the health care law.
"Barack Obama had 150 days in the U.S. Senate where he was able to vote quite often 'present.' "
Much more than 50 percentof parents out there are spankers.
Says opponent Bill Flores helped run a company that laid off over 3,000 workers and paid off executives with millions.
Says Rick Perry doubled spending in a decade.
The 9-0 decision last week was the 13th time the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority.
Says Tammy Baldwin supports a law in which government will take over your decisions on medicine, on doctors and on hospitals.
The projected $1.8 billion state budget shortfall for 2015-17 actually comes from an assumption based on zero growth. That just doesnt happen.
Says if we do nothing and continue to let Obamacare siphon off that $700 billion dollars off the top of it, Medicare goes away in less than 10 years -- certain accounts of it -- and it just falls apart at the seams.
Says Sen. John McCain spent the July 4 weekend in Islamabad, Pakistan, selling F-16s and advanced weapons to the folks who harbored Osama bin Laden.
Says Donald Trump doesnt make a thing in America.
Why is President Obama unnecessarily delaying your flight? FAA could cut other spending.
Washington politicians run Social Security like a Ponzi scheme.
Says Republican presidential candidate and Gov. John Kasich has spent 177 days out of state and used $350,000 in taxpayer money on his costly campaign.
California has the sixth largest economy on planet Earth.
Barack Obama's plan calls for "mandates and fines for small businesses."
Says area near proposed northern Wisconsin iron ore mine is 15 hours away from where public hearing on mining was held.
Our credit rating went up since Ive been in office.
African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids.
U.S. police killed more people in just one month than the U.K.s did in over a century.
The legislature was never given the opportunity to debate or vote on loaning $75 million to 38 Studios.
"When we've got CEOs making more in 10 minutes than ordinary workers are making in a year ... then something is wrong."
Says 11 soccer players on the U.S. Mens National Team are immigrants.
Rob Portman won the fewest votes of all Ohio U. S. Senate victors since 2000.
China owns about 29 percent of (the U.S.) debt.
Chris Sununu supported Obamas Common Core agenda, taking away local control of our schools.
(President Barack Obama) said unemployment was never gonna go over 8 percent if we passed the stimulus plan.
Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying with tax law. It costs us $163 billion to comply with our tax laws annually.
Arizona schools rank 45th in the nation, dead last in funding per student.
Rhode Island is at the top of the country for alcohol-related fatalities.
Florida has the second-lowest (campaign) contribution limit in the entire country.
As CEO of WWE, Linda McMahon was caught tipping off a ringside physician about a federal investigation into illegally distributing steroids to wrestlers.
We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America.
Says taking millionaires off food stamps and unemployment would save $20 million.
"The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points."
David Beckhams proposed soccer stadium at Miamis Port threatens the 207,000 jobs and $27 billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise industries.
If we pass immigration reform, it will make wages go up on average $250 for the average household.
Scott Walker gave Wisconsin job creation money to his cronies: corporate friends who contributed to his campaigns and got $570 million in job-development incentives
Due to actions by President Barack Obama, the Burger King national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases.
We saw the president of the United States engage American troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land. This is historic.
Says hes signed a pledge not to raise taxes four times.
A 2005 gay pride vote had nothing to do with discrimination.
The Republicans still want to privatize (Social Security). In fact, their whole idea is to turn over the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street.
On the night of the Iowa caucuses, Obama promised the nation that he would do health care reform focused on cost containment, he opposed an individual mandate, and he said he was going to do it with Republicans.
One of the key things about Leonard Lance is that in 2008, when you look at [the] Project Vote Smart website, he was not for guns. Now he has gone too far to the right, saying that you can carry concealed weapons in national parks.
Barack Obama "wants the government to take over health care, spend hundreds of billions of dollars of new money for health insurance for everyone."
The national debt increased $16,000 every secondGeorge Allen served in theU.S. Senate.
Our small staff of 51 is still fewer than we had a decade ago, yet our caseload -- like that of other courts -- has grown.
Guantanamo Bay detainees will get the H1N1 vaccine.
On whether he would vote for the budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
Women in Ohio earn on average 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man.
Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 startedthe birther controversy.
The average taxpayer will see the equivalent of a 2 percent pay raise as a result of low fuel prices.
Says Bill Nelson voted to cut $700 billion out of Medicare to pay for Obamacare.
Wisconsin employers have repeatedly said in surveys that our anti-business litigation climate is one of the most important factors affecting their expansion decisions.
The Pasco County budget has doubled in the past three years.
Republicans enacted the most drastic cuts to K-12 public schools of any state in the nation.
Just look at what the FBI director said about her (Hillary Clinton) her misconduct is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country.
When his grandfather arrived in the United States, there were no government benefits for immigrants.
Says rejecting federal aid to expand Medicaid in Texas will send $9 billion in federal taxes paid by Texans to other states to insure their working poor.
"Big oil's filling John McCain's campaign with $2-million in contributions."
A third of all the young people in America are not in America today because of abortion, because one in three pregnancies end in abortion.
On same-sex marriage.
"Fidel (Castro) has made his preferences known in the campaign and had some very unkind things to say about me."
Says that the federal gas tax has not been raised since 1993.
In my home state, nearly one in five Floridians live in poverty.
Since last years address, more than 10,000 jobs created -- many on the high end of the employment scale.
52 jobs have been saved or created in Florida's 34th Congressional District.
Says Scott Walkers bad budget includes: No weekend for workers.
SaysPresident Obama and his allies in Congress gave power to control Medicare patients health care decisions to a commission of 15 unelected bureaucrats in Washington.
Millions of people have given up looking for work altogether.
Under Hillary Clinton, State Department officials were sending official thank-yous to people who gave to the Clinton Foundation.
Says the United States is the only nation that affords citizenship to anyone born here, whether you are here legally or illegally.
Mary Burkes record: 130,000 fewer jobs.
Says Planned Parenthood provides about 140 visits for prenatal care in each state.
Says that in 41 states, government workers are better paid than the taxpayers who support them.
We are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana.
Says Russ Feingold cut Medicare by $523 billion.
No family earns too much to qualify for Oregon Healthy Kids program.
Says when he was governor, most of the Democrats voted for his billion-dollar property-tax cuts, but U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin voted against it.
When Tallahassee politicians and bureaucrats tried to run our schools, Ive stood up to them to protect local control.
John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
Mitt Romney is tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house.
Our crime rate continues to plummet.
The NRA supported background checks...
A tax plan promoted by North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Tillis will overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy.
Prior to 1962, everybody prayed before school started, and the Bible was the principal textbook in all schools.
A DeKalb sewer project will create up to 4,000 direct jobs per year at peak production, many of which will be set aside exclusively for DeKalb residents.
Romney said "'No' to in-state tuition" for illegal immigrants.
You cant give a child an aspirin in school without permission. You cant do any kind of medication, but we can secretly take the child off and have an abortion.
Twenty percent of single adults, ages 21 to 25 with no kids, are not working or even in school trying to find a job.
On torture.
Says drug cartels are using social media to offer rebates so more children from Central America get smuggled to the United States.
President Obama plans to impose a tax of at least 23 percent on the Medicare prescription drug benefit for low-income beneficiaries.
Georgias civil forfeiture laws are among the worst in the country and the very worst in the South.
Gas prices have gone up 99 percent since Obama became president, the highest gas price increase since Carter.
Romney would turn Medicare into a voucher program.
A report just came out that if we continue with President Obamas policies, were looking at over 9 percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter.
Forty-six states have a line-item veto for the governor.
On the way the federal government should spend Floridas rejected high-speed rail money.
According to (Barack) Obamas newest unconstitutionally enacted law, health care professionals are now required to violate HIPAA privacy laws and submit medical data to the government, which is then used as justification for gun confiscation.
"Mike Huckabee raised taxes on dog groomers!"
Says Jeb Bush happens to be where a majority of Republican voters areon giving legal status to illegal immigrants.
Massachusetts has less than 1 percent of our kids that are uninsured. You (Gov. Perry) have a million kids uninsured in Texas.
Graduation and third-grade reading scores are up in the state since I took office.
At nearly 19 million people, the population of Florida is larger than all the earlier primary and caucus states combined.
For every one ESD superintendent position, we can pay for three speech pathologists, or three special needs instructors, or three classroom teachers.
75 percent of the (air traffic control) towers the Obama Administration is closing are located in Republican Congressional Districts.
Says Apple products are currently 90 percent conflict-free, and Intel is 100 percent conflict-free.
Crimea became part of Ukraine only in 1954. Crimea was historically part of Russia, and (Nikita) Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in a gesture that mystified some people.
Says he has a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required.
Rick Scott "was forced to resign as the head of a company that pled guilty to massive amounts of systematic fraud, including 14 felonies, leading to a historic $1.7 billion fine."
Says the federal government restricts how much salt we can put on our food.
Proposed NClaw for body camera footage gives police broad authority to keep video footage secret even from individuals who are filmed.
It doesn't make sense "historically" to drop out because the 1968 race was still competitive when "Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California."
Says he couldnt keep a 42-inch redfish he caught because of fishing rules.
Says opponent Kathie Tovo believes that Austin invests too much in the cops, firefighters and paramedics that protect our families and neighborhoods.
Newt Gingrich was fined $300,000 for ethics violations.
The entirety of North America -- Canada, the United States and Mexico -- theres more known reserves in those three countries than in Russia and Saudi Arabia.
On the accuracy of state jobs numbers.
Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. Thats the highest weve ever been in our country.
"Only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore."
Its costing every American who is insured $1,100 to pick up the cost of uncompensated care that goes on at the emergency room.
The No. 1 cause of death for African-American males15-34 is murder.
The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
The national debt is on track to double during Obamas presidency.
"I've traveled the country advocating for the FairTax ..."
Says Ron Johnson has essentially done nothing to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse.
Virginia was named best managed state, best state for business and best state toraise a child while I was governor.
The only years that anybodys ever seen of Donald Trumps tax returns showed he didnt pay any federal income tax.
Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo supported raising flood insurance rates.
Says some Planned Parenthood chapters have been selling the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit.
The new 21st State Senate district was created in secret for Van Wanggaard. It was drawn within half a block of his house.
Rhode Islands voter identification law was pushed by a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. Thats a fact.
"Jeff Greene only moved from California to Florida in the last two years. In fact, he would not legally be allowed to run for any other statewide office because he has not lived here long enough to meet the residency requirement."
"We borrow money from the Chinese to buy oil from the Saudis."
Obamacare will provide coverage for abortions, despite the presidents commitment that it would not.
Handel endorsed gay adoption in 2003 when she was running for chairwoman of the Fulton County Commission.
I did not support the war in Iraq The record shows that Im right.
Wendy Davis is the most popular politician in Texas.
The church Barack Obama belongs to has a "nonnegotiable commitment to Africa."
Says he voted to remove Common Core from our schools.
Terry McAuliffe has threatened to shut down Virginias government if his budget plan isnt supported.
After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three.
Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada.
Says Majority Leader Eric Cantor called for abolishing Social Security and Medicare.
I never said that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies.
The majority of teams (are) now spending their dollars on the offensive side of the football.
Says five studies show his tax plan can cut rates and still bring the same revenue without raising taxes on the middle class.
"Last week Senator Obama's running mate said, get this, 'Raising taxes is patriotic.' "
Today, American companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets.
Says 31 percent of Texas physicians accept all new Medicaid patients, down from 67 percent in 2000.
Says Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards was forced to concede that 86 percent of Planned Parenthoods revenue is from abortion.
Georgia spends fewer tourism advertising dollars than any other state in the South.
The name Frank has risen in popularity by 20 percent since the debut of House of Cardson Netflix.
Slavery is still allowable under Wisconsin law as long as its a punishment for a crime.
President Barack Obama has the power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country.
Foreign companies in the United States have a significantly higher unionization rate than other companies overall.
Says some Georgians can get health insurance for $105 a month.
Federal officials declared that grant funds could be used only for Milwaukees streetcar project, meaning it isnt possible to redirect the money to other modes of public transportation or to our public schools.
The John McCain Twitter account has more than 1.1 million followers. The official White House Twitter account has only about 830,000.
Ohios Planned Parenthood operations received millions of taxpayer dollars via federal grants in 2010 and 2011.
Says President Obamas deal allows Iran to produce a nuclear weapon.
Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch did nothing to stop people from scamming the Wisconsin Shares child-care subsidy program and voted against funding for fraud investigators.
The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
When the United States "first created the federal income tax, frankly, nobody below a million dollars a year paid anything."
Says Milwaukee County Parks director Sue Black has not received a pay raise in five years.
Says Romney wrote in the first edition of his book that his health care plan should be expanded nationwide and then, You took it out of your book.
We have over 300 state agencies. Forty-five of those agencies are related to health care.
Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, missed 79 percent of veterans affairs committee hearings.
Abraham Lincoln visited and some say even danced in (the Ohio Senate) chamber.
The premiums on Medicares prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began.
When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, This plant kills.
The top 1/10th of 1 percent today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
75 percent of the jobs created in the state of Ohio are created in small business. They are not created by huge corporations and those who are very wealthy.
Barnes opposed the creation of the HOPE Scholarship and campaigned against Zell Miller on the issue.
No other Northeastern state has passed a photo ID law
Says government is a barrier to innovation and development.
We have a 40 to 50 percent dropout rate in our inner-city schools.
The law says ... when a police officer stops you, do whatever he says and then deal with it later.
Jim Renacci cheated on his income taxes and is a deadbeat citizen.
It is legal in Ohio to fire an employee or evict a tenant just for being gay.
Says his hometown of Paint Creek, Texas, doesnt even have a ZIP code.
Uber and other ride-share firms are not required to carry auto insurance under Georgia law.
Says Hillary Clinton believes that all abortions should be legal, even on the due date of that unborn child.
The Great Recession emerged in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm.
More than once, Ive actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance.
And the #jerseycomeback keeps rolling! Thanks to @GovChristie NJ now has lowest corruption risk of any state.
Says any attempt to try to compare the Massachusetts health care law with the federal health care law is completely, intellectually dishonest. Governor Romney did not raise one tax in doing what he did.
Since 2007 David Jolly has given almost $30,000 to keep Democrats in Congress!
Passage of a referendum on an aquarium for Clearwater means NO future funding for our neighborhoods.
Says Texas ranks 44th nationally in education funding per pupil.
Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country.
In two years, Gov. McAuliffe has vetoed more bills that the previous three governors issued in each of their four-year terms.
"Everything I have said (on the campaign trail) has been factually accurate."
When Honduran children came into this country, Secretary Clinton said send them back.
Says Jeb Bush said low-income women should get their life together and find a husband.
"Only about 6.8 percent of the (stimulus) money has actually been spent."
10 cents on thedollar from the Clinton Foundation goes to charitable causes.
President Obama told people to skip coming here (Las Vegas) for conventions and meetings.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison.
We have 50 state lobbyists that just lobby the Legislature for money every year.
In Atlanta, since 1994 when the Seven Deadly Sins (mandatory minimum sentences) took effect, the violent crime rate has dropped 62 percent.
Says TriMets own analysis shows that YouthPass does not actually add to the transit agencys costs.
John McCain offers "billions in tax breaks for oil and drug companies, but almost nothing for families like yours."
We adopted the modern Social Security system at a time when the average person died before they were old enough to get Social Security.
We are coming up on our 40th anniversary of electing a Republican to the United States Senate. 1972 was the last time New Jersey sent a Republican to the United States Senate.
President Obamas budget would call for about $25 trillion in debt by the end of his term, if he was re-elected.
We know that Sunday mornings have usually been given over to conservative white men.
Rob Cornilles has been endorsed by 20 local mayors, including Independent, Democratic and Republican.
Republican candidate for governor Karen Handel has run a 100 percent negative campaign.
Attorney General Eric Holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges against the New Black Panther Party for voter intimidation
In Richmond, Va., theres more moving vans coming in than going out.
Gov. Chris Christie owes the state money for amenities like extra Gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips.
On tax inversions, the Wall Street Journalsurprisingly attacked this tax scheme.
Says Stefani Carter repeatedly used her campaign contributors donations to rent margarita machines for our state house office.
You may have driven the length of a football field in the five seconds it takes to check a text.
"I introduced a bill that wouldve helped stop the multimillion-dollar bonus packages that CEOs grab on their way out.. (McCain) opposed that idea."
There are nearly 500,000 registered sex offenders across the country and at any one time about 100,000 are unaccounted for.
The government made accommodation to the Fort Hood shooter to let him grow a beard for religious reasons.
Says under the Affordable Care Act, New Jerseys new (Medicaid) enrollees wont qualify for the matching federal funds simply because we added them onto the rolls before 2014.
Says the Obama administration watered down sanctions against Iran, delayed them and tried to stop Congress from putting the tough sanctions in place.
Says Central Texas river water sent to downstream rice farmers in 2011 equaled about three years worth of Austins water use.
Wisconsin is one of the few states in the country that do not currently require a photographic identification to vote.
These 60 acres (the Atlanta Braves want to build a stadium on) have produced zero SPLOST money for parks and recreation, have produced zero money for education.
You will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the Federal Elections to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns.
Cuyahoga County passed a program to guarantee a college savings account for every single child who enters kindergarten in this county -- the first county in the United States to do so.
Over half of the young people in medical, dental and law schools are women.
Says Hillary Clinton wants to have open borders.
GOP candidate for governor Nathan Deal is a former Clinton Democrat.
"My opponent promises to bring back old jobs by wishing away the global economy."
Kelly Ayotte has voted four times against the federal Paycheck Fairness Act.
"One out of every four homeless people on our streets is a veteran."
Its legal to sign a recall petition (against Gov. Scott Walker) even if you have already signed another recall petition, but only one signature counts
I co-sponsored the Rebuild America Jobs Act for transportation and infrastructure.
Says a new report proves the stimulus supported by N.J. Democrats cost $278,000 per job.
The wives of the 9/11 hijackers knew exactly what was happening and went back to Saudi Arabia two days before the attacks to watch their husbands on television flying the planes.
Says U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi said, Employers cutting hours is a good thing. It then gives that person time to pursue their dreams and passions.
The things I said (during the prank call by a blogger posing as GOP contributor David Koch) are the things Ive said publicly all along about the Wisconsin budget debate.
Says Joe Biden went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldnt second-guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations.
On whether to seat Roland Burris as the new senator from Illinois.
Forty-five states allow open carry of firearms.
Obama "remains silent" and "is never asked how he feels about his church honoring Farrakhan."
When Jeb (Bush) was governor, his first four years as governor, his Medicaid program grew twice as fast as mine.
"Hospitals, doctors, MRIs, surgeries and so forth are more extensively used and far more expensive in this country than they are in many other countries.''
Obamacare cuts seniors Medicare.
The refusal of many federal employees to fly coach costs taxpayers $146 million annually.
Florida spends more than $300 million a year just on children repeating pre-K through 3rd grade.
Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. advised citizens to point that barrel center mass and pull the trigger because 911 is not our best option.
Almost 37 percent of the total income from Planned Parenthood is from abortions.
Under Governor Almond the RI DMV had a program that allowed undocumented [people to] use their Personal Tax Identification Number . . . to apply [for] and receive a RI drivers license.
If Congress froze the current spending level and then cut it by 2 percent annually, we could balance the budget in five years.
Every (Wisconsin) legislator that votes for this bill will have to give up the same amount of pay as other state employees.
Says Hillary Clintons campaign hasnt been clear about when she wiped herserverof her work emails.
Says Rep. Jon Runyan voted to redefine rape.
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race.
John Paul Stevens is the only Protestant on the U.S. Supreme Court.
Eighty percent of the antibiotics in this country are fed to livestock.
This year, Eric Cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other member of Congress.
Says Rep. Steve Stockman basically wants gun-filled zones in schools.
Says military expenditures for the United States are greater than the combined spending of the next 14 largest nations.
The Iran deal says that if any other country tries to undermine (Irans) nuclear program, we have to help them defend themselves against Israel, Egypt, Saudis, our own allies.
Rick Scotts Administration spent over $100,000 of taxpayer money during their first voter purge attempt in 2012.
We are number one in the world when it comes to energy resources. ... The Russians are second; Saudi Arabia is number three.
In 1913, it was legal to mail children.
Tonight in Ohio, more people came out to vote for Barack Obama in an unopposed race than voted for (Mitt) Romney and (Rick) Santorum combined.
Democrats compare the infrastructure programs in the stimulus to the Eisenhower interstate program, "but he proposed a $500 billion highway system, and they're going to put $30 billion" into roads and bridges.
"The U.S. Navy has sailed ships around the world for 60 years with nuclear power plants on them and we've never had an accident."
No openly gay man has ever been elected to the Georgia Legislature.
The $5 billion website for Obamacare never worked. Still doesnt work.
It takes almost a year for a refugee to be processed in the United States.
Congressman Ryan has secured a grand total of $116,838,763 to date (for the Mahoning Valley) and has an additional $27,095,000 pending in FY2010 spending bills.
"In North Carolina, they used stimulus money to hire one new state worker. His job, apply for more stimulus funds from the taxpayers by the way of the federal government."
"If Sen. Hillary Clinton could enact all of her campaign proposals, taxpayers would be faced with financing more than $777.6-billion in new spending over one White House term."
Dan Gecker voted to double vehicle registration fees, costing (Chesterfield) county residents over $6 million annually.
Only 3 percent of voters 18 to 34 dont believe that climate change is really happening.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst does not support a national minimum wage.
Keystone means unlocking the Canadian tar sands.
There are at least twice as many licensed firearm dealers in California as there are McDonalds.
I played in a game here against the Pittsburgh Steelers where there was 23 inches of snow. We played in at least 15 inches of that.
It is the Department of Homeland Security's view that returning military veterans and gun owners are likely to commit terrorist acts.
Data on violent crime shows Wisconsin has become less safe than it was when Scott Walker took office.
The Boston Marathon bombing is the fifth case in which U.S. government officials examined individuals potentially involved in terrorism and felt they were no threat and they went on to carry out terrorist murders.
In 2006, Donald Trump was hoping for a real estate crash.
The Republican leadership's budget proposal doesn't contain any numbers.
Says 1 in 7 American families is on food stamps.
The Kenosha casino would be one of the states largest employers and pay more to the state than any other company or Tribe essentially, it would be Wisconsins biggest taxpayer.
Our race was the closest U.S. Senate race in Ohio in 36 years -- when Howard Metzenbaum defeated Robert Taft in 1976.
"We have drawn down to presurge levels. Basra, Mosul and now Sadr City are quiet and it's long and it's tough and there will be setbacks."
An amendment to the House health reform bill "puts new restrictions on women's access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money."
As president, Barack Obama has never visited Israel.
Were the worst state in the country at moving people from welfare to work.
Pentagon confirms they may court martial soldiers who hold Christian faith.
Cobb is one of the largest school systems (in the nation) that is debt free.
Weve got more revenue than we ever have.
Between 2010 and 2014, there was no net in-migration from Mexico.
The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016.
A shocking 20 veterans are committing suicide each and every day, especially our older veterans.
Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail.
The House did vote against engagement in Kosovo, and Bill Clinton kept fighting anyway. And, then, ultimately, a vote did pass.
Did you know that the U.S. is one of the very few nations in the world without an official language?
Every time weve increased the minimum wage, weve seen a growth in jobs.
"The Florida Legislature raised taxes and fees by almost $2 billion" in the 2009 session.
We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country.
Florida has 1,200 golf courses. I think 58 million rounds played a year in Florida. Weve got 44 percent of all travel golf in the country here. 5 million people come here just for golf.
Only 50 percent of students from Milwaukee public high schools go on to a two-or four-year college.
The fastest-growing part of the Pentagons budget are health care expenses.
Inflation-adjusted defense spending has declined 21 percent since 2010, and even if we discount the drawdowns in Iraq and Afghanistan, it has still declined by a dangerous 12 percent.
According to ATF data, 70 percent of firearms recovered and traced in drug cartel crimes in Mexico originated from the United States.
The two worst counties for (Medicaid) fraud in the country -- not state -- are Dade and Broward county.
Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year.
Says Donald Trump and Ron Johnson oppose a womans right to choose and Johnson voted against the Violence Against Women Act.
Medicare passed with virtually no Republican support.
Says Wisconsin state Senate President Michael Elllis (R-Neenah) broke Senate rules during debate on a photo ID bill for voters.
Its warmer on Mars than it is in parts of the United States and Canada during the polar vortex.
Says the Department of Homeland Security has ordered enough rounds of .40 caliber ammunition to kill every man, woman and child in the United States, possibly to combat massive civil unrest or an invasion by a foreign power.
Under Gov. Rick Perrys leadership [Texas] has created more jobs over the last decade than the rest of the states combined.
Says only 25 percent of Texas high school students graduate prepared for college or careers.
Under Pat McCrory, (North Carolina) has fallen to 41st in teacher pay.
More than 27,000 Rhode Island jobs depend on trade with Canada.
I have had to fill out FEC reports for the past six years now, and theyre much more detailed than a tax return...
Says Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen knew about (the Ken Kratz sexting) case for nearly a year and did nothing about it.
He leant his name to a bill, did little or nothing three years ago to try to get it passed, (and) since then has done absolutely nothing other than disavow any attempt to move on the legislation.
An Environmental Protection Agency regulation that goes into effect Jan. 1, 2012, regulates dust.
More businesses went out of business last year than were started for the first time in our history.
Says Donald Trump literally has no plans to make higher education more affordable.
Says Houston National Cemetery is preventing Christian prayers from being said at military funerals.
Says the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget is still below the level of state spending when I took office.
In Massachusetts, Scott Browns Republican affiliation is not a secret, but clearly not on display.
"John McCain's top foreign policy adviser lobbied for... the Republic of Georgia, and McCain has mirrored the position advocated by the government."
Every month since 9/11, there have been as many suicide attacks against the United States and its allies as there were in all the years leading up to 9/11.
Fifty percent of Speaker Gingrichs tax plan goes to the top 1 percent.
Palin "stopped the Bridge to Nowhere."
Says the state tax burden per citizen in New York is twice as high as in Florida.
Two thirds of the people in Wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea of permanently taking away peoples rights to collective bargaining.
Wisconsins 6th congressional district has more manufacturing jobs than almost any other in the nation.
As far as standing committees, we have 10 fewer standing committees. So weve saved the state about a quarter-of-a-million dollars through the reduction of the standing committees.
(Obamas) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down.
The only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is Mitch McConnell.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership knocks out 18,000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods.
$16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times.
Tommy Thompson wanted to implant data chips in humans.
Says New Jersey is 50th in return of our federal tax dollars.
Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals in 2014.
The U.S. Senate has one manufacturer thatd be me.
Because of the health care law, by 2017, we will be funneling over $100 billion annually to private insurance companies.
Says Walmart employees represent the largest group of Medicaid and food stamp recipients in many states, costing the taxpayer $1,000 per worker.
Oregon today has 100,000 more jobs than it did when I was elected.
There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship.
In the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama "has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done."
Says the Koch brothers funded the fight to let flood insurance premiums soar ... Now theyre spending millions to buy a Senate seat for Bill Cassidy so he can fight for them.
Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed watered-down HIV/AIDSdrugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa.
A study of private bail bond systems showed that Wisconsin has a higher no-show rate than other states of defendants skipping court appearances.
We have billions in surplus.
Says Hillary Clintons plan would tax many small businesses by almost 50 percent.
While the United States has seen its unemployment rate steadily decline, New Jerseys remains nearly two percent higher than the national average and more than a point higher than Connecticut and New York.
In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition.
"We have solved the problem. ... Scientists are now saying leave the nuclear waste where it is."
Says someone earning $50,000 a year will fare better under his 9-9-9 plan than under the current tax system.
Says the Internal Revenue Service estimated it must hire 16,500 agents at a cost of $10 billion to the taxpayer to enforce the federal health care overhaul.
On drilling off the Atlantic coast
Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ranks as the most liberal member of the House.
Says Ted Cruz supports legalizing people who are in this country illegally.
Says our economy in New Jersey gets $38 billion from the businesses at the Shore.
There are at least three sectors of the border, one in particular, that are just completely insecure.
We have at least 200,000 to 300,000 hate crimes in a given year.
Says your Legislative Assembly was within one vote of enacting each of those bills into Oregon law.
Says critics called the original GI Bill welfare.
The top 1 percent (of income earners) paid 36.7 percent (of the taxes). ... The top 50 percent pay 97.7 percent.
Milwaukee has the second-highest number of children recovered from sex trafficking.
"What they will do is socialized medicine."
Says the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force is the first task force of its kind in Central Ohio
A bill before the Georgia General Assembly would make presidential candidates meet citizenship requirements that are not in the U.S. Constitution.
"PWNED: House GOP Dominates Twitter, YouTube, Social Media in Congress."
Americans "have never paid more for gas at the pump."
Says that if Texas, California and New York all voted for Democratic presidential nominees, it would be mathematically impossible for Republicans to elect a president.
Says close to 90 percent of the population growth in Texas over the last decade was non-Anglo.
A bipartisan background check amendment outlawed any (gun) registry. Plain and simple, right there in the text.
John McCain "voted against the Bush tax cuts, both times."
The average student debt coming out of the University of Wisconsin-Madison is something like 28,000 dollars.
Says Rep. John Katko promised he wouldnt vote to defund Planned Parenthood and since hes been in office hes done that four times
FACT: the special assistant in @johnkasichs office makes over three times more than an average #OH firefighter
Money towards the Ebola vaccine is basically cut in half to what it was. More cuts are coming under the congressional sequester.
Says state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, unlike typical taxpayers, didnt pay taxes
New school testing standards will consume approximately twenty days of testing for elementary, middle and high school students.
Obama voted for "tax subsidies and giveways" that have slowed oil companies from pursuing clean energy sources.
Says a Bureau of Labor Statistics report attributed a sharp increase in work-related fatalities to increasing numbers of employees and drivers could not read or understand warning signs in English.
Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office.
Wisconsin is not as obese as the national average is. The national average, 35.7 percent of the population is obese. In Wisconsin, its closer to 26 percent.
Seven more people will die each and every day until the Legislature ratifies these (pain clinic) rules that are being approved by the Board of Medicine and the Department of Health.
Ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the United States of America said it would ensure (its) territorial integrity from Russia.
Legislation being considered in Texas would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples even if the Supreme Court strikes down Texas marriage ban later this year.
Says families now pay out 40 percent of their income to taxes.
The incoming Republican freshman class well, its no ordinary group: nearly half of its roughly 80 members have never served in elective office before.
More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day.
You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists.
In the past three years, we have prosecuted or brought more cases on access to public records than in the previous 12 years combined.
Says nobody in higher education believes Gov. Rick Perrys proposal to serve up $10,000 college degrees is possible.
"Crime is down in Arizona."
We have to recognize that our salaries for faculty are the lowest in New England with the exception of the University of Maine.
There was just about zero press coverage of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy.
Says under Mitt Romney, Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan.
Preventive care does not save the government money.
Says Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slavesfreedom in border states, but the states all rejected it.
You see a whole bunch of Korean cars here in the United States, and you dont see any American cars in Korea.
A 5-cent charge on paper bags is a tax.
Obama "says he'll raise taxes on electricity."
Says U.N. arms treaty will mandate a new international gun registry.
Says Rick Scott didnt even come to his own education summit. But he did take time to go to the tea party convention the same week.
Florida has the third most-regressive tax structure.
Eleven states have enacted these pay-to-play reforms.
With the tax controls we already put in place, property taxes on a typical home in December of 2014 will actually be lower than they were in December of 2010.
The 9-9-9 plan does not raise taxes on those that are making the least.
I did not support the sequester.
Says U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz voted to cut off Floridas veterans and their benefits.
There are at least 23 countries that refuse to take their people back after theyve been ordered to leave the United States, including large numbers of violent criminals.
Says Jeff Wentworth was the only Republican to vote against the Texas measure requiring women to have a sonogram before receiving an abortion.
Says the federal government borrows almost $60 billion per week.
Clayton County offers the lowest operating millage rate in Metro Atlanta.
"As bank president, Alex Sink eliminated thousands of Florida jobs while taking over $8 million in salary and bonuses."
Says New Jersey has the most educated population of all the states in this country.
The Wisconsin law repealed by Republicans, which allowed discriminated workers to sue in state court, was kind of a gravy train for lawyers.
Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent.
Says Obama opposes offshore drilling and a gas tax holiday.
Says right now, we have more military spending than the next 10, 11, 12 countries combined.
Remember that developers are forced to use the 195 land union contractors, so tap an extra $10 million into any construction project.
Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek took us into arbitration.
Says a federal judge sanctions Tennessee birther lawyer for bringing a frivolous lawsuit.
"Due to ... tax cuts and lower (property) values, 2009 property taxes were almost $3 billion below 2007 property taxes."
Food stamp spending doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama.
On counting state budget shortfalls
Were losing now over $500 billion a year in terms of imbalance with China.
Today in America, between 40 and 50 percent of all African-American babies, virtually 1-in-2, are killed before they are born.
Says that the new financial services law requires 358 regulatory filings.
Between 1982 and 2007 the cost of a college education increased 439 percent.
Most tips left at Dunkin Donuts dont go to employees.
It is senior citizens, not Hispanics, who are the fastest-growing demographic in this country.
On banning assault weapons.
Says murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women.
The U.S. loses more on tax breaks than it collects in personal income taxes.
Says Joe Biden said Jon Corzine is the smartest guy that I know, in terms of the economy and on finance, I really mean this.
"Taxpayer-funded benefits to illegals" in California are "a skyrocketing cost under Obamacare."
Should Democrats get their way, every income tax bracket will increase on Jan. 1, 2011. Every single one.
Parents and teachers are already worrying about what they call the Trump Effect. They report that bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslimsand immigrants.
Blocking a U.S. Supreme Court nomination during the remaining months of President Obamas term would leave the nations highest court with an unprecedented year-long vacancy.
Jeanne Shaheen was principally involved in a plot with Lois Lerner and President Barack Obamas political appointee at the IRS to lead a program of harassment against conservative nonprofit groups during the 2012 election
Says King Street Patriots held a fundraiser featuring an author who believes that registering the poor to vote is un-American.
I was one of about a dozen (senators) who voted against the Bridge to Nowhere.
On whether to run for the U.S. Senate as an independent.
Says Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma.
"With one stroke of his pen, President Bush has denied health insurance to 3.8 million kids who were due to get it under this bipartisan expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program."
Says With nearly 75 percent of Americans supportive of the construction of the pipeline, Schrader needs to explain to Oregon families why he voted against this needed project.
Libya supplies the oil for China. We get no oil from Libya.
There is a Republican plan to end Medicare.
"Currently we have some 40-45% of Americans who are not paying any taxes."
Claims Wisconsin Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said: It is necessary to eliminate unions in order to balance future budgets.
Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker.
The state budget has gone up over 80 percent under Rick Perry.
While Romney was a director of the Damon Corporation, the company was defrauding Medicare of millions.
Says Barack Obama supported Ted Kennedys ammo ban to outlaw all deer-hunting ammunition.
Says Marco Rubio voted against every bill that would have helped keep our families safe. He even voted against a bipartisan measure, introduced by a Republican, to prevent people on the no-fly list from purchasing guns.
The State of Texas is funding womens health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years.
Says Tennessees higher education funding model is 100 percent outcomes-based and we are already seeing this model changing the way our postsecondary institutions do business.
Without a Medicaid expansion, 275,000 more Ohioans could be getting their primary care in emergency rooms, costing everybody a lot of money.
When President Bush took office in 2001, he inherited a $236 billion budget surplus, with a projected 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion. When he ended his term, he left a $1.3 trillion deficit and a projected 10-year shortfall of $8 trillion.
Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation.
John McCain has seven houses.
Barack Obama said "people making less than $250,000 would benefit from his plan" then said "if you're a family making less than $200,000, you'll benefit."
Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43.
On running for re-election to U.S. Senate
Overdosing is now the number one accidental killer in our Commonwealth.
Toledo Mayor Mike Bell (once) lost his job as a firefighter because his city ran out of money.
Says the Panhandle has had its highest-ever bed tax collections in 2011.
Says MAX carries 30 percent of evening rush-hour commuters traveling from Downtown on the Sunset and Banfield freeways.
On whether he wants to be vice president.
Mark Kirk: Lied about going to war. Opposed middle class tax cuts. And said unemployments not that big an issue.
Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments.
Says Milwaukee County district attorney candidate Verona Swanigan has worked as a prosecutor.
Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing.
About two-thirds of all consumption is services. . . It was just the opposite when the sales tax was enacted in the 30s.
My office is about a 300-step walk to the governors office.
Says Donald Trump has the second-highest disapproval ratings of anyone running for president.
Sherrod Brown has been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president.
The Ryan budget gets rid of Medicare in 10 years and turns it into a voucher program.
The increase in the garbage tax that [Mayor Allan Fung] imposed in Cranston for some people has been as much as $200.
As state Commerce secretary, Mary Burke drafted, sponsored and promoted budgets that raised taxes by billions, created high structural deficits and raided funds to finance huge spending hikes.
(Jeff) Atwaters busy helping his friends and wasting our tax dollars -- $48 million for a government building so lavish its dubbed the Taj Mahal, $100,000 for a golf musuem, and $110 million to build a private prison to help a big contributor.
Despite claims that you can keep the health care plan you like, the Obama Administration has predicted that as many as 7 out of 10 Americans with employer-provided health coverage could lose their current health plan.
In my years in the State Legislature, I have never voted for a tax increase.
The lawyer who brought the case against NationsBank said publicly that Alex Sink had nothing to do with the case, had nothing to do with the situation and didnt know about the problems.
Were spending millions for each individual held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Texas is LAST (50th) in spending for mental health care.
Barack Obama promises higher taxes on "the sale of your home."
Says FBI Director James Comeys letter about new developments in the investigation into her emails only went to Republican members of the House.
"Barack Obama won't even use the term 'war on terrorism.'"
Under federal law, Jared Loughner would not have been able to buy a gun had he been identified as mentally ill.
Two million federal workers negotiate zippo, zero. There is no collective bargaining for federal employees.
The Congressional Budget Office "estimates that only 15 percent of this stimulus package will be spent in 2009" and only 37 percent in 2010.
Says he represents or has represented about half the San Antonio-rooted district in which he seeks election.
Says U.S. Senate opponent Tammy Baldwin supported a federal budget that spent trillions -- not billions, trillions -- more money than the Obama budget.
Says under President Barack Obama, the debt increased by 23 percent, which was less than under any president going back to Ronald Reagan.
I spent only $36.29 on my campaign for governor.
Says that Susan Rice, the presidents national security adviser, has already conceded that Iran will have a robust uranium enrichment capability.
Because theres no local option to allow communities to ban, limit or restrict the location of pot shops, if Amendment 2 passes you can expect the seedy elements of the pot industry to move in right next door to your neighborhood, your church, your business and even your childs school.
The number of terrorists out there has doubled.
Under the Espionage Act, (Edward Snowden would not be) allowed to come into court and say I was justified in disclosing this information. There is no whistleblower exception in the Espionage Act.
We will not ask for a tax increase to run city government.
Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high.
Says Jeff Reardon cut elementary school music classes, art instruction, teaching positions, basketball and volleyball programs, and he voted to raise school lunch prices.
In Florida, illegal immigration costs taxpayers nearly $4 billion (a year). This amounts to $700 for every household in Florida.
Theres no money for Planned Parenthood in the bill that would keep the government open.
The House passed cut, cap and balance with bipartisan support.
Tim Kaine broke a campaign promise not to raise taxes.
Children who witness domestic violence are twice as likely to commit it themselves.
On reauthorization of Export-Import Bank.
Says Gov. Bob McDonnells budget would cut pre-kindergarten programs.
"Joe Biden wrote the Violence Against Women Act ... the rate of domestic violence went down dramatically."
"Last year, (Bill McCollum) spent more than $2.2 million dollars to produce and air campaign-style TV ads where you were featured in almost every frame."
We already have $23 billion worth of debt.
"When the salmonella source was finally identified, FDA officials had to wait for industry approval before they could go live with the [peanut] recall."
Weve had the private sector more than double the investment that was made by the public sector at Quonset Business Park.
Women are paid 77 cents for every $1 men get for the same work.
As governor, Mitt Romney raised nursing home fees eight times.
The Paris Agreement is by far the largest number of countries ever to sign an international agreement on a single day.
Says that Wall Street hedge fund managers pay a lower tax rate than does a sheet metal worker in Parma or a school teacher in Cleveland.
By using a little-known loophole ... Obama minions are allowing Nestle Company to export precious fresh water out of Lake Michigan.
Every 1 percent increase in the cost of health insurance today causes about 30,000 Georgians to be uninsured.
The Obama administration offered no magic number of people that needed to sign up for health care on the marketplaces.
Only after news broke that our veterans are dying because of inadequate health care did Harry Reid and Senate Democrats take action.
Says Rick Perry wanted to secede from the union.
As Governor: Romney did not keep public safety funding in line with inflation.
Gov. Rick Perry broke his promise that he would not accept a $40,000 pay increase.
Malawi has just 300 doctors for 16 million people.
We doubled the size of the company (Hewlett-Packard).
A Medicaid provision added to the Senate health carereform bill "is not a special deal for Nebraska."
Says Warren Buffett has publicly said his secretary should not be paying a higher tax rate than him.
"A majority of Americans still oppose this health care bill."
"My husband didn't wrap up the nomination until June."
With only 67 bills or so passed into law, 2013 was the least productive year in congressional history since weve been keeping record.
Obama taps porn lawyer for #2 at Justice.
Says Jeb Bush said he would take his pants off and moon everybody ... Nobody reports that.
Georgia has the most lax gun laws in the nation.
Says of Donald Trump, He even said, on his very first day in office, he would require every school in America to let people carry guns into our classrooms.
The Chamber of Commerce says new carbon regulations will kill 244,000 jobs a year and cost average families $1,200 a year.
Says he followed state law and the precedent of other Massachusetts governors when he erased electronic communications as he left office.
Says many states are floundering under crushing deficit spending.
Florida's legal challenge of the federal health care bill is "bipartisan."
The truth is, Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms. Planned Parenthood refers women to mammography providers, serving as the middlewoman, if you will.
When ICE releases illegal immigrants, a lot of those people are not from Honduras and Mexico. Theyre from Iraq and Somalia and Russia.
More than half of the births in Texas are paid for by Medicaid.
President Barack Obama suggested on national TV that the Democratic health care bill will have government decide that a healthy, 100-year-old woman in need of a pacemaker should take a pain pill instead.
On immigration, the president said 22 times, 22 times, that he couldnt do what he eventually did.
We have had some significant accomplishments on a bipartisan basis.
State agencies have not identified one single instance where groundwater has been damaged due to hydraulic fracking.
When SACS came back to the DeKalb County School District to give a midterm review, we got straight As.
One of the things we found very clearly and consistently is that [video gaming] is a growth industry.
Says most of Perrys chiefs of staff have been lobbyists.
"I know that Hillary on occasion has said just last year said this (NAFTA) was a boon to the economy."
Says Russ Feingold was the only senator to vote against Homeland Security.
Sen.Mark Begich cast the deciding vote in favor of President Obamas authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens.
ISIS didnt exist when my brother was president. Al-Qaida in Iraq was wiped out when my brother was president.
There are 49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies.
The U.S. economy is recovering slower than Europe
Texas leads the country in drunk driving fatalities.
Romneycare has killed 18,000 Massachusetts jobs.
Says Allen West violatedfederal law by scuba diving with U.S. flag.
Says in Oregon only 41 percent of adults have ever been tested for HIV.
When President Obama took office, we were losing 700,000 jobs a month. Now weve had job growth, I think, for 24 consecutive months.
We in the Democratic Party had no input into the locations of these hearings, nor did we have input into the process.
Says Scott Walker said that forcing women facing abortion to get invasive ultrasounds was just a cool thing.
Says Charlie Crist raised taxes on the middle class by $2.2 billion.
This is not a mosque. Its a cultural center that has a prayer area.
Every year in the United States between 3,000 and 4,500 severe vaccine reactions are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. Not mild reactions. Severe reactions that land somebody in the hospital, the intensive care unit or cause a permanent disability or death.
Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27.
Obama "has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $42,000 a year."
New Jersey has had seven credit downgrades since Chris Christie became governor.
Surveys show that many of our citizens think we devote a full quarter or even a third of our federal budget to foreign aid.
Our federal government has lent $2 billion to the state-owned oil company of Brazil to allow them to explore for oil and gas.
Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!
The first (state) budget that came out of our Republican leadership slashed funding to Planned Parenthood...It resulted in the reduction of hours, the elimination of days, elimination of access to women in my city and all over my state.
The United States has seen a net loss of people with health insurance because of Obamacare.
I have never lobbied for offshore oil drilling.
Glenn Hegar promised to eliminate the property tax.
When the Milwaukee County mental health facility is full, cops sit out there in their squad cars with a mentally ill patient and sometimes spend an entire shift out there doing that.
Says Mitt Romney is proposing a tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country.
Says Abortion clinics in Oregon, as in most states, have no state oversight and are not held to basic health or safety standards.
The budget for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is only about 1 percent of the amount banks generate just from late fees and overdraft fees.
Eighty-three law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty this year. Twenty-four of them were shot and killed in cold blood.
Repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi were routinely denied by Hillary Clintons State Department.
There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city.
On running a civil and polite campaign
We closed that plant down. It was a $27 million-dollar plant, operating full steam, and we closed it down.
Sometime in the next decade, there will be more Latinos in the state of Texas than there are Anglos. That will happen sometime in the next five to eight to ten years.
Millennials will be 75 percent of the workforce in the next 10 years.
The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over. John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence.
The vast majority of people in this country are keeping their (health insurance) plan.
The only segment in the beer market that is growing is the craft beer segment.
Says $15-an-hourproposal in Cleveland is the most aggressive minimum wage increase in the country.
90% of rural women and 55% of all women are illiterate in Morocco.
Kathleen Peters refuses to take a stand to repeal Obamacare.
Says $500 billion in Medicare cuts are coming.
Says the Multnomah County Library system is the second busiest in the nation.
One in 19 Americans today get SSDI or SSI. Thats one in 19 Americans (who) are disabled.
55 percent of the people who cast a provisional ballot (in Florida) in the last presidential election -- their vote did not count.
"The centerpiece of Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the voucher program in D.C. by 2,000 slots."
On mandatory ultrasounds before abortions.
Hillary Clintons State Department sent three comedians to India on the Make Chai, Not War tour.
Currently, the intelligence community can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism.
Says people who signed recall petitions against Wisconsin state Sen. Jim Holperin received harassing phone calls from out-of-state telemarketers claiming to represent the Democratic Party and insinuating foul play by petition circulators.
Virginia has a responsibility to fund 55 percent of public education and is payingjust 41 percent.
Uncompensated care has gone down by 30 percent just in the first few months of Medicaid expansion in the states that adopted it.
Every time weve cut the capital gains tax, the economy has grown. Whenever we raise the capital gains tax, its been damaged.
Says Jason Carter has gotten David Axelrod to come down and be his campaign advisor.
Kilmartin has helped pass laws to create a witness protection program.
Says Barack Obama is the first president to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office.
Florida seniors are exempt from losing Medicare Advantage under the federal health care bill.
Theres a tremendous tax that we pay when we (American businesses) go into China, whereas when China sells to us theres no tax.
I am very proud that over my almost 30 years of public service I have had no scandals.
Pat Toomey advocated for eliminating all corporate taxes.
A lot of what (Cubas) survival depends on is Venezuelan oil money, which is drying up.
The RI Board of Elections has heard official testimony from Providence residents who claim to have witnessed known illegal aliens voting in local elections.
Says Obama called Kagan a moderate. He called Sotomayor a moderate.
"Today and every day, an estimated 14,000 Americans will lose their health insurance coverage."
Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanics have joined the ranks of those in poverty. The number of Hispanic children living in poverty increased by 15 percent in that short period of time.
Go look at a Trump product. Theyre all made in China.
Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S.
Public education has been permanently cutby $1.6 billion through changes in the Standards of Quality funding formula.
This president went before the United Nations and castigated Israel for building settlements. He said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on Israel from the Gaza Strip.
In its current state, this bill is the most restrictive voter ID legislation in the nation.
President Obama has the most border patrols and border security deployed at the border of any previous president.
Says as GOP was picking a convention city, I recommended Ohio.
Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts.
By spring 2014, parents of 60,000 students in New York state had refused to let them take the Common Core Tests.
Donald Trump would engage in a risky scheme to privatize Social Security.
Massachusetts schools are ranked No. 1 of all 50 states.
But for immigrants, we would have a contracting population...
The majority of the people that are coming to Arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules.
Rhode Island gives undocumented pregnant women health insurance, plus a cash card with $400 a month on it and $250 a month or $275 a month to spend on food.
Says Mark Pryor continues to insist that Obamacare is an amazing success.
The United States is the leading nation in the world with the highest amount of doubt about the conventional wisdom of climate change.
On average it takes 300 Americans working for a solid year to make as much money as one top CEO.
Says Barack Obama has played over 90 rounds of golf as president.
This years redistricting has been the most open, interactive and transparent redistricting process in Tennessee history.
Under economic sanctions, now Iran is suffering 30 percent inflation, 20 percent unemployment.
Says that as Wisconsin governor, we ended welfare.
In the 18th Congressional District, 100% of electric generation comes from coal.
The folks in Washington are already forcing you to buy government health care.
Says President Barack Obama is the first president weve ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore.
Up to 45 percent of illegal immigrants are not people that physically crossed the southern border or northern border. They are visa overstayers.
Charlie Crist "worked with Acorn" to give felons voting rights.
On support for gay marriage.
Republicans in Congress refuse to list a single tax loophole they are willing to close.
Says Hillary Clintons Iran nuclear deal lined the pockets of the worlds number one state sponsor of terrorism with your money.
Right now, America has $1.1 trillion of student debt. Thats more than credit card debt.
Twenty-six men named William have been elected to statewide office and only seven women have had the honor.
When Obama took office the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years.
Says Marco Rubio said that felons should not have their voting rights restored but that convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after they have done their time.
Twice as much (federal) money is going back to Hawaii, Virginia and Alaska than is coming home to Oregon.
If you tried to pay out $1 trillion by handing it out at $1 per second, it would take more than 31,000 years.
You cant put a gun rack in a [Chevrolet] Volt.
The tax penalty that the government imposes if you dont buy health insurance is lower than it would have cost to buy insurance.
Attempts to find things like, crime, criminal activity, indictment, have been filtered out by Google in favor of Hillary Clinton.
Our government right now. . . (is) spending 40 percent more than what we take in.
The biggest contribution behind a decrease in U.S. unemployment was 1.2 million people leaving the workforce
If we choose Obamacare expansion, 600,000 will lose eligibility for their subsidies, of which 257,000 would be forced into Medicaid.
Says the U.S. Postal Service has taken no taxpayer aid since 1971, funds operations entirely from the sale of stamps and related products and makes an operational profit year after year.
California has seen a 56 percent decline in the gun murder rate since the 1990s.
Drug overdoses are now the second-most common cause of death in New Hampshire.
Congressman Cicilline, when he was the mayor of Providence, espoused a sanctuary city.
Says 70 percent of Virginias Medicaid cost is for seniors in nursing homes.
[L]ess than one-tenth of Atlantas transportation needs are covered in a referendum to levy a 1-cent sales tax.
More than two-thirds of the aliens the Obama administration has brought to the United States under the presidents Central American Minors program werent actually minors at all.
Says Chris Abele, opponent in Milwaukee County executive race, failed to finish 3 separate colleges, dropping out all 3 times.
"Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'"
Says that Mitt Romney, while he was in Arizona, said he believes the states SB 1070 immigration law should be the model for national immigration laws.
Toomey crossed party lines to stop gun sales to suspects on the terror watch list.
On releasing photographs depicting the abuse of prisoners.
Says attorney general candidate Jon Richards went so far to say he would only enforce the laws with which he personally agreed.
The pass rate for a high school level test to join the military is 35 to 40 percent.
"We've got some 37-million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12-million or 13-million are children."
Cicilline continues to accept hundreds of thousands of dollars in lobbyist, corporate PAC and insider money to fund his campaign.
Borrowing in my 2015-17 state budget is less than half that in my predecessors last budget and the lowest it has been in a decade.
Every year since Gov. Walker and the Republicans have been in control of the Legislature weve created fewer jobs, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Claims Joe Biden said coal is more dangerous than terrorists.
Higher beer production and higher consumption go hand-in-hand.
"We are now seeing a decrease in violent crime."
Says theres $4 billion in private investment along the streetcar.
Israels per capita income is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world.
Well over 90 percent of felony cases, all over the nation, are committed by defendants who grew up in father-absent households.
For his first interview as president, Barack Obama chose Arab TV for an apology.
Georgia is on track for 1,200 traffic fatalities this year, a reversal of nine years of declines.
More businesses are closing than opening in Virginia today.
Obama served on a board with former Weather Underground member William Ayers and "that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this board continued after 9/11."
Says Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year.
Rand Paul supports Obamas negotiations with Iran.
For Social Security, which is projected to remain solvent through 2033, Whitehouse has cosponsored [a bill that] . . . would extend the life of the program by an additional 75 years.
A single parent with a couple kids can easily get $35,000 a year in public assistance in Wisconsin.
Police in the United States are allowed to use tear gas even though it has been classified as a chemical weapon and banned in international conflict since 1993.
Says Hillary Clinton viciously attacked women abused by Bill Clinton.
A letter from BP to the Minerals Management Service "actually recommends improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations should they choose to change them."
"We passed without, frankly, the help of the Republican caucus, we passed 25 tax cuts last year, mostly aimed at the middle class and small businesses."
Under the Iran deal: If Israel attacks Iran were supposed to be on Irans side.
Says Sen. Pat Toomey even tried to shut down the federal government in order to eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
Wisconsin has one of the most progressive tax codes in the country.
Texas added more jobs in 2010 than any other state.
In the primary election, a right-wing group spent more than $100,000,000 to support Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley.
(Brendan) Doherty wants to raise the eligibility age for Social Security benefits for anyone born after 1960, with no regard for the challenges it would cause for people working in physically demanding occupations.
Our national debt is as low as it has been since World War II.
Every time [the people from Newport Tent] work in a city or town they have a whole different set of permits that they have to get in order to pitch a tent.
Debbie Jackow unlike her opponent ...WILL NOT de-fund the 20/20 land program.
Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.
Property taxes are now 18% higher than when(Mark Sharpe)first took office.
The minimum number of infrastructure (needs) in Atlanta is $900 million.
Says Donald Trump said he intends to open up additional areas off the coast to oil drilling during the campaign.
Here are the stats: Per population, we kill each other with guns at a rate 297x more than Japan, 49x more than France, 33x more than Israel.
Students today take more years to get through college.
Says Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a states rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
Congress decision to spend less around the world on embassy security contributed to tragedies like Benghazi.
The United States is about 100th in voter turnout among the industrialized nations, and Texas is near the bottom in terms of voter registration and voter turnout.
In 2011, NJ economy ranked 47th--at the bottom with Alabama, Mississippi Wyoming. Under Christie, NJ is falling behind.
Theres never been a (U.S. Supreme Court) vacancy in the last, I think, 30 years, lasting longer than 237 days.
Oregon families pay an extra $1,400 a year on higher insurance premiums to cover those who do not have insurance.
Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales.
Over 80 percent of our trade deficit today is with countries that are not trade agreement partners, that are not level playing fields for the United States.
A bill that would halt the EPA from regulating greenhouse gases would help stop rising gas prices.
The measles vaccine has killed 108 people in the last decade, while no one has died of measles.
For our next two years in my state, we will end with a structural surplus of $499 million.
In Virginia there has been a billion dollars in surplus over the last three years. The legislature has spent less than 1 percent of that on roads.
Virginia women earnonly 79 cents to each dollar earned by men...
Every other major country has family paid leave.
The (national) debt really added up $75 trillion in 2010 and is on track to hit $99 trillion this year.
President Barack Obama ordered our military to enlist illegal aliens.
This governor has cut funding repeatedly for people who have AIDS, who need drugs to save their life.
We have dozens of districts that go for 150 to 200 miles, splitting counties, splintering cities and connecting areas that have very little in common.
My state of Florida is now the third-largest state. We have surpassed New York in population.
A Texas law will repatriate $1 billion of gold bullion from the Federal Reserve in New York to Texas.
The majority of the Hispanic population and the growth (of the population) is U.S.-born.
No Bridge to Nowhere could occur.
When (Joe Kyrillos) had an opportunity to vote for women in terms of their health care, not once, not twice, but six times, he voted against womens health care in our state.
Right now, Im polling at about 8 percent against Barack Obama and Mitt Romney.
Food stamps have gone up two-and-a-half times under Barack Obama.
In the 38 Studios deal, Wall Street investors took a risk, and went bust.
Says President Barack Obama broke his promise to keep a Wisconsin GM plant from closing.
The weight of the evidence (on global warming) is that most of it, maybe all of it, is because of natural causes ... its fair to say the science is in dispute.
Mercedes said high taxes and the cost of doing business in New Jersey worked to Georgias advantage in landing the companys USA corporate headquarters.
State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons.
Beer drinking is not allowed in any Illinois state parks.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson ran Medicare into the ground and nine years closer to bankruptcy.
On new dollar coins, In God We Trust is gone!
Early voting remains at 96 hours.
I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.
[T]he Georgia Dome has returned $10 billion in economic impact to the state of Georgia.
"What happens is people like Warren Buffett and he says this himself...pay 15 percent on the millions of dollars that they earn from wealth income... while their secretary is paying a higher rate on her work income. It's not right."
Other Western countries have ended their "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policies.
The U.S. is borrowing approximately $2.52 for every $1 of economic growth so far in 2012.
The Northwest Corridor highway project in Cobb and Cherokee counties is expected to create over 9,700 jobs statewide.
The presidents own advisers have said theres a war on coal.
Because of the new health care law, 17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition.
Says Hillary Clinton is proposing destroying Medicare for seniors.
On supporting winner of Democratic primary with her superdelegate vote.
The IRS has been specifically forbidden ... from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies for people who dont purchase health insurance.
A bill to advance the Keystone XL Pipeline is an earmark under House rules.
Says Rick Scott thinks employers should be able to deny women coverage for birth control.
Florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare!
Says Hillary Clinton wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than theyre paying now.
A lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out theyre gay.
SaysGOP U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn wants to eliminate the Department of Education and jeopardize college fundingfor 320,000 Coloradans.
The president of the United States will be taking a trip over to India that is expected to cost the taxpayers $200 million a day.
Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote for the stimulus and the health care bill.
White people control almost 90 percent of the nations wealth.
200 consumer laws were destroyed in 2011 when Gov. Scott Walker signed Act 92.
Wisconsin is not walking away from a dime in federal funds by rejecting the Obamacare Medicaid expansion.
Says that in 2007, Oregon ranked 25th -- or 7th from the bottom -- in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to 32 other states with similar data.
Says that, as a Supreme Court justice, Greg Abbott found that a company whose vacuum cleaners were sold door to door had no responsibility in the hiring of a salesman who raped a customer.
The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty.
The nine-day deer hunt contributes more than $1.3 billion in revenue to the state of Wisconsin.
Weve now gained private sector jobs 12 months in a row.
"George Bush sent people to war without body armor."
Says Jeff Brandes voted to allow state-run Citizens Property Insurance to dump policies onto out-of-state, unregulated private companies.
Ch Guevara wrote extensively about the superiority of white Europeans over people of African descent.
From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster.
Says Ted Kennedy sent a letter to then Soviet leader Yuri Andropov apologizing for Ronald Reagan and begging the Soviets not to overreact.
"We actually have not required in this law that you carry health insurance."
SaysTom Cotton voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola.
Since President Obama took full control of Washington every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost.
The DREAM Act was written by members of both parties. When it came up for a vote a year and a half ago, Republicans in Congress blocked it. The bill hadnt changed. ... The only thing that had changed was politics.
Says former state Sen. Kelli Ward wanted to ban our intelligence agencies from operating in Arizona.
Betty Sutton and her fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
Muslims attempted to establish the first Islamic Sharia court inside the United States in the town of Irving, Texas.
Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor .... In addition, a majority of them are students of color.
Yes, this would be the same congressman (Rep. Pete Hoekstra) who last year Tweeted the whereabouts of a top-secret mission to Iraq.
Says the federal government could save $175,587 by eliminating a study of the connection between cocaine and risky sex habits of the Japanese quail.
On the Cuba embargo.
Says Scott Walker rejected legislation to make college loan payments tax deductible and the result was to raise taxes on students.
Obamas position on nuclear arms is a march toward global zero.
Once people become citizens under the DREAM Act and turn 21, they can sponsor their illegal immigrant parents for legalization.
Says Wisconsin Manufacturers Commerces own 2014 survey revealed that just 15 percent of business executive respondents were in favor of Right-To-Work legislation.
The Capitol Police force is going so far as to use paramilitary equipment in dealing with singing protesters in Madison
When it comes to protesters in Madison, almost all are now from outside of Wisconsin.
Says Democratic runoff opponent Grady Yarbrough twice previously ran statewide as a Republican.
President Obamas recent plan to cut $100 million of waste within his administration wont actually save money because hes going to spend it elsewhere.
The estimated savings of this (debt ceiling) deal only pay for half of the cost of extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts for another decade.
The only budget Ted Cruz ever voted for in his time in the Senate is a budget that cut defense spending by more than Barack Obama proposes we cut it.
"Rural schools enroll 40 percent of American children, but receive only 22 percent of federal education funding."
Based on the August 2012 national jobs numbers, for every person who got a job, nearly four people stopped looking for a job.
On repealing the 17th Amendment
On immigration, what reports say President Barack Obama plans to do is roughly on the same scale as what President George H.W. Bush did.
Shirley Sherrod was forced to resign before anybody on Fox said a word about this.
Were $15 trillion now in debt, with a president thats racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined.
Twenty-two million jobs were created during Clintons two terms but only 3 million during Bushs.
In the New York 9th District, there is a large number of people who went to the polls tonight who didnt support the president to begin with and dont support Democrats -- and its nothing more than that.
A government shutdown could disrupt ... veterans benefits.
A family of four can make up to $88,000 a year and still get a subsidy for health insurance under the new federal health care law.
Says Will Hurd said a border-long U.S.-Mexico wall absolutely makes sense.
Says state workers have not had across-the-board raises in six years.
"When I was in college, we used to take a popcorn popper . . . and we would fry squirrel."
Ronald Reagan raised taxes in 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987.
Says Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has stated that supporting the right to health care ... means you believe in slavery.
Says Bernie Sanders health care plan would empower Republicangovernors to take away Medicaid,to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans.
Says nothing in Obamas $3.7 billion request to address the child immigrant situation actually secures the border.
Pregnant women trying to buy health insurance on their own are barred from maternity coverage because they have a pre-existing condition.
If youre earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax.
There are 850,000 Ohio jobs tied to the auto industry.
Since 1999, all Virginia Lottery profits have been used for public education in the Commonwealth for kindergarten through 12th grade.
Says House Republicans rejected a straightforward measure that would prevent members of Congress and the president from being paid during a government shutdown.
Governor Christie also remains the only Governor since World War II, among both Democrats and Republicans, who failed to have his party win control of at least one legislative body over the course of his term.
Sixty-percent of the state retirees...dont get Social Security.
If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes.
Sunday liquor sales could generate $3.4 million to $4.8 million a year in additional sales tax revenue for Georgia.
Says the 2010-11 New Hampshire budget ended with an $18 million surplus, while the Republican-led 2012-13 budget has a $40 million deficit.
Says Barack Obama was silent on Iran when the students took to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, (and) the Green Revolution occurred.
No candidate has run more negative ads in American history than Barack Obama did in 2008, especially in the general.
The right-to-work states have much lower level of unemployment than the union states do.
Oklahomas Republican Gov. Mary Fallin signed a new law which makes you pay a special fee. It will essentially fine people for the crime of using solar power.
Tampa mayoral opponent Bob Buckhorn supported forcing police officers to keep their guns locked in the trunks of their cruisers.
Millions could lose their health care coverage and be forced into a government pool under the new health care law.
A Texas police department bought an ad telling drug dealers, We can take your competition off the streets for FREE.
Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors.
Our unemployment rate has been higher than 8 percent for more than two-and-a-half years, far above what the Obama Administration promised with the stimulus.
Thanks in part to our all-of-the-above strategy for American energy, the United States generates more natural gas than anybody.
State law says that once the state appraises a piece of property, they can only pay it a certain amount above appraisal.
Says Chris Christie created this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever.
Thanks to our reforms, the average family will have an extra $322 to spend.
Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide.
When oil and gas prices sent state revenues up, Palin sent "a large share of that revenue directly back to the people of Alaska."
Says he was the only Republican candidate at a prior debate who said lower-income workers were being hurt by the economy.
Says Hillary Clintons top 10 donors are mainly banks, corporations and media, while Bernie Sanders top 10 donors are labor unions.
Portland Community College serves more students than all of the states universities combined.
Republican candidate for governor Allan Fung donated to Democrats like Congressman David Cicilline, disgraced (House) speaker Gordon Fox and even Mr. Obamacare, Harry Reid.
More than 70,000 job openings are listed on a state jobs website.
When the United States invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein wanted to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and "he said so himself after his capture."
When asked about bills in Congress important to the North Country, Derrick responded I just dont know enough about it.
Says 70,000 children have lost their Head Start slots because of the sequester.
On disaster aid offsets
(Strickland) raised taxes last year to the tune of $840 million.
Sarah Palin "has more experience than Barack Obama."
If you rent a U-Haul to move your company, it costs twice as much to go from San Francisco to Austin than the other way around, because you cant find enough trucks to flee the Golden State.
The Congressional Budget Office has already doubled its estimate for the cost (of Obamacare) so far from roughly $800 billion to $1.7 trillion.
Oregons three largest employers, and 13 of the top 25, are health care providers.
"We get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf (of Mexico)."
The Department of Energys Billion Ton Study has shown that wind and solar energy combined could at best provide only 5 percent of our total energy needs.
Says the U.S. Constitution provides for just compensation when land is taken under eminent domain.
Says Mitt Romneys campaign has already spent more on negative ads than John McCain did during his entire presidential run.
As we near the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, we should not forget that some of the hijackers used New Jersey drivers licenses to board those aircraft.
For every $10,000 invested in business incubators, up to nearly 70 local jobs are generated.
Three presidents in the last century Harding, Kennedy and Reagan all cut taxes during recessions and produced "rapid and dramatic economic recoveries," while two, Herbert Hoover and Barack Obama, did "the opposite."
Says John Barrow voted with Obama 85 percent of the time.
The income of the top 1 percent nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical familys incomes barely budged.
"John McCain has voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time."
Says he and Bernie Sanders have very similar views on trade
In just six years, Georgia has dropped from first in the nation from a business-friendly legal climate to 24th.
Says, In the last four years weve cut $36 million in ongoing revenue.
Financial conflict-of-interest laws dont apply to the president, right? So, the president doesnt have to have a blind trust.
Says nearly 1 million people are coming to town in the next 20 years.
"It's just outrageous that under President Bush, the National Institutes of Health have been basically decreased in funding."
Kathryn Starkey joined forces with liberal Democrats on a historic sales tax hike.
Says Texas has the nations most uninsured residents.
We are 49th in the nation for our graduation rate
Welcome to #Houston, the most #diverse city in #America.
The White House has three staff calligraphers making between $86,000 and $97,000 each, and just one National Security Director. She makes $55,000.
Says Maggie Hassan is the only female governor in the country.
Thomas Paine wrote that the duty of a patriot is to protect his country from his government.
Weve dedicated more money from (Washington Countys) transportation budget to bike and ped projects under my watch than at any time in the history of Washington County.
The radiation coming from the new TSA body scanners is equivalent to about three minutes worth of air travel by anybody, say, at 30,000 feet.
If Fox News presidential debate rules had been in place during the1992 election,Bill Clinton wouldnt have beenon the stage.
U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin was partly right that a womans body has a way of shutting down so that a pregnancy doesnt occur if shes raped.
The American Academy of Pediatrics supports banning guns.
Barbara Boxer voted to cut spending on Medicare benefits by $500 billion, cuts so costly to hospitals and nursing homes that they could stop taking Medicare altogether.
Says that we brought CHI Manufacturing, that had business in China, back to Texas.
This year, the Blackstone Valley Mayoral Academy became the first public school in Rhode Island history to have 100 percent of its elementary-age students proficient in reading on state assessments.
The cap-and-trade bill will mean 2 million jobs lost.
The new health care law crushes small businesses with billions in penalties.
"The fact is that although we have had a president who is opposed to abortion over the last eight years, abortions have not gone down.''
Most of the jobs that we lost were lost before the economic policies we put in place had any effect.
Europe and U.S. households waste 15 times more food than a person in Africa.
Says of a failed cloture vote on nominating Chuck Hagel for defense secretary: This is not a filibuster.
Says every school will be negatively impacted if Education Stability Fund is not tapped.
I was the first member of Congress to call him (Barack Obama) a socialist...
"We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil."
South Korea doesnt pay the United States for U.S. troops that protect their country.
While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed "tax cuts for hard-working families."
Says U.S. is giving seven Alaskan islands to Russia.
Says Rick Scott raised property taxes.
Says the military accounts for about 10 percent of Floridas economy.
Theres a section in the Constitution called the Emoluments Clause that says no one, nor their spouses, can take money from foreigners. (Hillary Clinton) has to be guilty of 70 or 100 counts just on that one charge.
Medicaid expansion could cost the Commonwealth of Virginia over $1 billion a year...
The Islamic State is so small it couldnt fill a DoubleAballpark in Charleston, W. Va.
There is no evidence that poor people abuse drugs more frequently than any other socio-economic group.
Wisconsin is #1 in the Midwest for personal income growth over the year.
The Democrats' health care bills would provide "free health care for illegal immigrants."
[If] you apply for a job, the chances are 1 in 7 that you are going to be denied that job unfairly if everybody is forced to use E-Verify.
Some politicians want to put new taxes on a lot of groceries.
Says she never received nor sent any material that was marked classified on her private email server whilesecretary of state.
When I was growing up as a kid in the city of Milwaukee, if we averaged 4 homicides a year in the entire city that was a record number.
Says gas costs $4.50 a gallon.
My opponent on day one of this campaign attacked me on Medicare and Medicare Advantage and that claim was found to be False.
Some city of Atlanta employees have not had raises in eight years.
Republicans approved 12 times larger tax breaks for people making over 350 grand than for the average middle-class person.
Forty aides who serve President Barack Obama owe $333,485 in back taxes.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson admitted that Washington, D.C., changed him into an insider selling his influence to make millions from powerful special interests.
Factories are opening their doors at the fastest pace in almost two decades.
In New York City, murders are up.
"Obama has asked for $932-million in earmarks, literally $1-million for every day that hes been in Congress."
Says Ronald Reagan repeatedly talked about how irresponsible it would be to allow the full faith and credit of the United States to be impaired in any kind of way.
Now we have ISIS coming over the (U.S.-Mexico) border.
For every single scientist that tells you (global warming is) happening and that its our fault...I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite.
Says Hillary Clintons plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes.
Millions of Americans are paying more and getting less under Obamacare.
When he took office in 2009, President Barack Obama had the biggest Democratic majorities in Congress since Lyndon Johnson.
"Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families."
Says Barack Obama is getting his nominees confirmed faster than President (George W.) Bush was at the same time in his second term.
Says Obama promised to cut the deficit in half.
In 2009, Democratic Wisconsin state senators rammed through a billion-dollar tax hike in 24 hours with no public input.
90% of Americans want national background checks that close loopholes.
Dozens of artists, including Justin Timberlake, Jay Z and Rihanna, are canceling Florida shows like Stevie Wonder in protest of stand your ground.
"We have that program where immigrants come here and they have to bring a million dollars in order to get a green card if theyre going to create jobs."
Says Newt Gingrichs contract was with the lobbyists at Freddie Mac.
"Privatizing Social Security was a bad idea when George W. Bush proposed it. It's a bad idea today. Sen. McCain's campaign went even further ... suggesting ... to cut cost-of-living adjustments or to raise the retirement age."
On deporting illegal immigrants.
The countrys bankrupt.
Preventive care "saves money."
Says Connie Mack IV co-sponsored a bill to take a third of the Social Security Trust Fund ... give it in individual accounts to the senior citizens, who then were to invest it in the stock market.
"Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding."
"Fulton County has successfully reduced the number of pregnancies" among 15- to 19-year-olds.
Says Democrats cut $35 million from the state budget for Information Technology improvements.
Austins Pease Elementary is a school that was created as part of the Texas Constitution.
"I was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector."
We dont need a separate (prescription drug) database ... Pharmacies already have a database in place.
A small business in my district needed 31 different permits and fees just to be able to expand.
The U.S. Department of Defense spends $80 million a year on prostate cancer research, $25 million a year on ovarian cancer research and $150 million a year on breast cancer research.
FACT: Nothing in #Obamacare forces people out of their health plans.
After J.D. Hayworth "was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist" who was "paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."
76 percent of doctors support the use of medical marijuana
Department of Education officials investigating Virginia Tech shootings have not once gotten into the car and driven down to Blacksburg to talk to the police chief or the university president or to anyone else.
When Social Security was passed, there were all kinds of lawsuits, just as there have been in the legal battle over the new health care law.
Says Damascus disincorporation would produce NO significant tax savings.
Scott Walker opposed a plan to help Wisconsin students refinance their student loans.
Lee Zeldin missed 2/3rds of Veterans Affairs Hearings
500 percent more traffic here?
In Arizona, there are only one and a half (Border Patrol) agents per every 10 square miles.
In Wisconsin, a woman only earns 80 cents for every $1 a man earns.
Loranne Ausleys a financial train wreck for taxpayers -- pushing gas taxes, property taxes, taxes on seniors.
Grocery prices have risen significantly over the past year or so.
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's "concession speech came with less than 20 percent of the precincts having been counted.
"I think we came down here (to Florida) one time ... but we weren't actively fundraising here."
Canadian-born Ted Cruz has had a double passport.
Says Holly Turner failed to vote in five straight Republican primaries.
The California governor says yes to poisoning more children with mercury and aluminum in vaccines.
Says Donald Trump has outlined policies that read like a Kremlin wish list.
Says Congressmen Paul Ryan and Todd Akin co-sponsored legislation to limit federal funding for abortion to victims of forcible rape.
SaysHillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment.
Less than half of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription.
Said he is the only Democratic candidate for state attorney general who has "represented the entire state of Georgia."
During the past four years, average wages have barely budged.
McCain supports tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs.
Says under federal law we do not have any limitation on the number of guns and bullets we can buy.
Studies have shown that voter fraud is non-existent in Texas.
Extending current tax rates would average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires.
Over 22,000 unique Internet Protocol addresses -- in Wisconsin alone -- have downloaded child pornography.
Its factually correct to say that Jennifer Brunner inherited at least 18 lawsuits when she came into the office that were a result of Ken Blackwells mismanagement of the 2004 election.
Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama.
"There are 300,000 babies born deformed every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while they're carrying those children to term."
Says were losing one voter every 13 minutes.
Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working.
A data system that goes along with Common Core is designed to collect up to 400 data points on each child, which can include personally identifiable data.
Says he got lobbied by a woman with late-stage cancer about vaccinating Texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer.
Florida shelled out more money for drug testing than it saved by denying welfare benefits to people who tested positive for drugs.
Illegal immigration is lower than its been in 40 years.
Ive got a 94 percent career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has a 92 percent voting record.
When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating.
Kesha Rogers is not a Democrat.
Says House Republicans spent $50 million on 33 votes to repeal Obamacare.
Seventy of Ohios 88 counties now have more than 25 percent of their residents eligible for emergency food.
Americanschools are more segregated than they were in the 1960s.
I was filibustered.
The Chinese last year probably stole $360 billion inintellectual property from the United States.
Almost nine out of every 10 pennies that would be spent turning a 200-mile stretch of Interstate 70 into a toll road would be from folks outside Missouri.
Greg Abbott said it would be a waste to expand pre-k to all Texas children.
It costs us, logistically, three times more to fight in Afghanistan than it does in any other place.
Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration.
The average person who gets the minimum wage in America is 35 years old.
More people today are leaving Virginia than moving in.
With Rick Scott, there are more funds for preschool education.
Under the Arizona immigration law, police are required to check immigration status if someone's "lawn is overgrown" or if a dog is "barking too loudly."
Says Thomas Jefferson helped craft the Constitution.
Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin, a candidate for Senate, supports raising taxes by $858 billion.
Right now, here in Texas, wind power is already cheaper than dirty fossil fuels.
Says the Obama administration plans to reduce the number of beds devoted to holding individuals violating immigration laws and to release hundreds of dangerous criminals into our communities.
Says Democratic challenger Russ Feingold was the deciding vote on Obamacare.
A recent economic uptick appears to coincide with the expectation of a new Republican Congress.
I was one of the few, very few, who voted `no on the Iran deal.
"He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service."
Oregon has never before tried to create a land-use plan for what it should look like for 50 years.
On expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.
Obama's plan to raise the capital gains tax "hurts the middle class."
Doctors kill about 250,000 people a year in botched surgeries.
The White House branded the memorial service for the Tucson shootings with a Together We Thrive logo and slogan.
By the end of this budget Im in right now, taxes will have been cut $4.7 billion in my state.
Says JoAnne Kloppenburg has told us she thinks its her job to promote a more equal society.
"President Eisenhower, on the night before the Normandy invasion...[wrote a] letter of resignation to the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy."
25 percent of our economy is the financial sector.
Barack Obama has "reversed" on his commitment "to begin withdrawing American troops from Iraq immediately."
Illegal immigration and the crime rate are as low as theyve been in decades.
Between 2008 and 2014, criminal aliens accounted for 38 percentof all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York.
Repealing Obamacare saves our nation more than $2 trillion.
"We have constitutional amendment that says that there's a ban on drilling right off Florida's coast."
In President Barack Obamas 2015 State of the Union address, the words al-Qaida were never used, the first time those words have not been used in a State of the Union address since February 2001.
McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
Sen. Arlen Specters party switch could end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee.
Says only four Texas legislators voted against a law giving in-state tuition rates to certain illegal immigrants.
Oregon is the most trade-dependent state in the nation
In fact New Jersey is a donor state, we get 61 cents back on every dollar we send to Washington. And interestingly Kentucky gets $1.51 on every dollar they send to Washington.
Says Hillary Clinton is proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants to come in and take everybodys jobs, including low-income African-Americans.
U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham says South Carolina has a labor shortage and wants more immigration.
110 people a day move to Austin.
Were spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system.
I didnt support Sonia Sotomayor.
You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists sites and what Donald Trump saysabout Muslims is used to recruit fighters.
Says Chris Christie was the first governor in America to endorse Mitt Romney.
Says the U.S. Attorneys Office said that neither I nor my campaign had any idea what was going on regarding my fathers illegal campaign contributions. And thats why they closed this case.
Says both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is terrificand that it should keep taxpayer funding.
In 2008, then-Sen. Barack Obama missed 60 or 70 percent of his votes. In 2004, John Kerry missed close to 60 to 70 percent and Bob Graham missed over 30 percent of his votes.
Texans eat more catfish than residents of all other states combined.
January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded.
Says his Act 10 reforms have saved the taxpayers some $3 billion.
Says the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions.
And, as of today, New Jersey state government has less employees than when Christie Whitman left office in 2001.
When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. Its now 17 percent.
"John McCain said...in December he was surprised there was a subprime mortgage problem."
The Senate Republican education plan is an unfunded mandate for local school districts.
With Obamacare,You have no options ..you cant get competitive bidding.
John McCain has said the economy is "not his strong suit."
Jason Carter actually opposed more funding for education in the Senate.
Every day in the United States, we are losing 15 factories.
About 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage.
The Affordable Care Act is a major reason why weve seen 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths in hospitals.
After Patrick Murphys charges were dropped, Murphys father gave the prosecutor a huge campaign donation.
The current (agriculture) commissioner allowed tainted beef to be sent to school cafeterias.
"Congressman John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with ... the worst chapter in American history. ... And, Senator Obama, you didn't repudiate those remarks."
The national debt is equal to $48,700 for every American or $128,300 for every U.S. household. It is now equivalent to the size of our entire economy.
This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word lunatic from federal law.
Less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare.
Says the states budget shortfall is not that much different than it was in 2003.
The overwhelming number of school districts reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the 2011-13 state budget
Seventy percent of Missourians support voter photo ID legislation.
Says middle-class New York State residents will have the lowest tax rate in 70 years.
Thirty million Americans, including a lot of people in Florida, are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law.
Under President Obama, domestic oil production is at an eight-year high.
Seniors will see $500 billion in Medicare cuts to fund Obamacare.
Theres only one candidate under investigation -- Terry McAuliffe.
Annual water usage in 2010 was actually down more than 18 percent from usage in 2006.
Currently, there is no one from South Austin on the (Austin City) Council!
We have been focusing so much, especially the Texas Department of Transportation, on that 97 percent of people in single-occupancy vehicles.
There is no state in the U.S. where a 40-hour minimum wage work week is enough to afford a two-bedroom apartment.
When those restrictions expire (in the Iran nuclear deal), Iran will have an industrial-size military nuclear capability ready to go.
Says theres no proven instance where hydraulic fracking has polluted groundwater.
Sixty percent of the auto thefts that we have in (St. Petersburg) are caused by people leaving their keys in the car.
Obamas secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon.
"$100,000 in stimulus funds (were) used for a Martini Bar and Brazilian Steakhouse."
Says if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent.
Austin has over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries.
The state [food stamp call center] program is administered from foreign shores.
Florida is now the No. 1 state in the country for automobile accident fraud.
When I took office last year we faced historic budget deficits of $6 billion here in Virginia. And we closed those deficits by cutting spending.
All University of Texas student-athletes get an iPad.
There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010.
Says 10 days after Hurricane Katrina, this chamber passed two separate bills amounting to $60 billion. It has been nearly two months since we had Superstorm Sandy, and nothing has passed.
President Barack Obamas budget threatens national security by proposing an Army of fewer personnel than we had before Pearl Harbor.
The extra point is almost automatic. (The NFL) had five missed extra points this year out of 1,200 some odd attempts.
Says that under his tax plan, no matter where you are in the stratosphere, youre going to be getting a tax cut.
We have a governor whos vetoed measures like increasing our minimum wage and restoring the earned income tax cut.
Says Milwaukee County buses are no less safe now than a year or two ago.
Says the average government worker wont be impacted in the first two years under the reform of state health benefits.
The federal limousine fleet has increased by 42 percent since Barack Obama took office.
Says Texas has been waiting for two years for the federal government to act on a proposal to allow the state to "create insurance opportunities for those that are uninsured today."
Says he was endorsed by theValley News newspaper.
"John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops."
We had a massive landslide victory, as you know, in the Electoral College.
A new bill was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt.
Says President Barack Obama attacked potential terrorist targets in Syria in the middle of the night to minimize terrorist casualties.
Says Nevadans will have a double-digit hike in their Obamacare premiums for the year and 10 of Nevadas 16 counties will only have one Obamacare...exchange insurer
Voting in the wrong precinct led to over 14,000 registered voters statewide to lose their vote in 2008.
The form students fill out to get college financial aid is "longer than the form to get U.S. citizenship."
In Harrisburg, I passed more bills than all the Democrats combined, in terms of legislation affecting the city.
This year, Newt Gingrich has raised as much money as Mitt Romney, Tim Pawlenty, Sarah Palin, and Mike Huckabee combined.
Over the last 40 years, real wage growth has been flatlined because of the policies of the Federal Reserve ... It was all driven by the Federal Reserve.
Says she has bipartisan support, including 53 sheriffs throughout the state, Democrats and Republicans.
President Obama promised families making less than $250,000 a year would not see taxes go up, but Obamacare raises 18 different taxes.
The polls show over half of Americans identify themselves as being pro-life.
One in four Texans lacks health insurance, the highest proportion in the nation.
On repeal and replace of federal health care reform.
Our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Dont believe the 5.6. Dont believe it.
House Republicans just passed a bill that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their employers.
The (Jackson) plan (for reforming Cleveland schools) lacks any data or methods proven to raise student achievement.
Under Scott Walkers policies, the typical Wisconsin family has actually seen their real income drop by nearly $3,000 in the last four years.
Says Ronald Reagan got the Saudis to flood the market with cheap oil.
Says. Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, once said, Wind is a finite resource and harnessing it would slow the winds down, which would cause the temperature to go up.
Under Floridas voting law, a requirement to turn in voter registrations within 48 hours makes it impossible to meet the deadline if youre working right to the end of the week.
There are a multitude of vaccines that do not prevent deadly and crippling diseases.
Says there have been well over 54 million abortions since 1973.
China holds 26 percent of the U.S. debt.
Says Portland has higher standards than feds on allowed police use of force.
Cobb County businesses have already been awarded contracts worth $250 million on construction of a new Braves stadium.
A National Football League lockout would cost Atlanta $160 million in lost jobs and revenue.
"Ronald Reagan met with Gorbachev; Kennedy met with Khruschev; and Nixon met with Mao and these were folks who have done horrendous damage not only to their own countries but to other countries."
Vern Buchanan has been completely exonerated in a Federal Election Commission action.
The Latino unemployment rate is higher than the white rate and the black rate is higher than the Latino rate.
Says the Obama administration never responded to his 2012 letter flagging the uptick in unaccompanied children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border.
President Obama has spent over $2 million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate.
Says this House processed and approved as many bills as previous Legislatures.
Biden was responsible for "ending genocide in Bosnia."
The last three days of early voting happen to be the most populated days of voting that we have in early voting.
Last year, 244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm.
Poll results from the past 35 years show that State of the Union speeches do not move presidential approval numbers.
Says Marco Rubio voted to deport young people known as Dreamers.
"There's no rationing in any of these bills."
A bill backed by Sean Duffy and other House Republicans could actually require the Internal Revenue Service to conduct audits of rape victims who get an abortion.
Obamacare puts the federal government between you and your doctor.
The state-hired company that evaluates state-mandated student exams goes on Craigslist to get examiners to read our students essays.
Pinnacle Overlook in Southwest Virginia is closer to eight other state capitals than to Richmond.
Says Barack Obamas health care law will be the biggest job-killer ever.
The cost to implement Florida's class size amendment so far has been "$16 billion."
Secretary Geithner has left the option on the table of abandoning the dollar for a multinational currency.
Says U.S. Rep. Martin Heinrich spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs overseas.
FCAT tests account for less than 1 percent of the instructional time provided during the year.
Says that according to one economist, $1 of unemployment benefits boosts the economy by $1.61.
"Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning."
Obamacare passed by just one vote in the Senate. It wouldnt have passed without Mark Warners vote.
Says Adam Hasners record includes requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks.
No one beta-tested healthcare.gov.
Susie Lee and her husband own 17 homes across the country and use their private jet to take vacations, and invest in companies like Walmart, Halliburton and GEO Group.
Says for the first time in the history of the United States, the government cut taxes during wartime
Says he sued Obamas EPA seven times.
A working woman will earn $7.70 on $10.
Even when all other state agencies took cuts, Gov. [Nathan] Deal increased education spending every year.
Georgia is now the eighth most populous state in the nation, moving from the number 10 position in just four years.
Says Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton has accepted $42,000 from strip-club interests and $10,000 from local alcohol distributors.
President Obama will now own 60 percent of GM, and his union buddies will own almost 20 percent.
If upstate New York split from downstate the economic indicators of upstate New York would be among the lowest in the country.
Says that since lawmakers acted, we have 130 new businesses across Texas doing helicopter hog hunts.
When New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer wanted to provide drivers licenses to those who are undocumented. (Hillary Clinton) said dont do it.
Gas prices have doubled because Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska. He gave millions of tax dollars to Solyndra, which then went bankrupt. And he blocked the Keystone pipeline. So we will all pay more at the pump.
Californias credit rating is the worst in the country.
The price of gasoline was at $1.85 a gallon when President Barack Obama took office and has since nearly doubled because of his policies
Says Lee Leffingwell has been mayor of Austin, Texas for about as long as Sarah Palin was governor of Alaska.
Just in the past 10 years, college tuition has increased 28 percent.
Gov. (Scott) Walker has yet to create a job, he gives away millions to his friends, and he raises taxes on working people.
Because of President Barack Obamas failure to push job creation, the black unemployment rate in Ferguson, Mo., is three times higher than the white unemployment rate.
Says if you are shot in the city of Newark, you have over an 80 percent chance that youve been arrested before an average of 10 times.
When it comes to taking cuts in tough budget times, Wisconsin state workers havent had to sacrifice.
Says Donald Trump has been talking about the option of using a nuclear weapon against our Western European allies.
McCain intervened on behalf of Charles Keating with federal regulators... that allowed Keating to continue his fraud at an incredible cost to taxpayers.
Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it couldnt build a factory in South Carolina because South Carolina is a right-to-work state.
Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan.
The Trump Winery near Charlottesville, Va. is the largest winery on the East Coast.
Only 18 percent of jobs are accessible by transit for metro Atlanta residents. 33 percent for those living in the city.
"With those first principles, it allowed a fellow like me to get in his truck and go from one end of the state to the other; started 20 points down and wound up 20 points ahead on election night."
Says Judge JoAnne Kloppenburg agreed to use a technicality to give a convicted sex offender a new hearing because he didnt understand the charge.
"That luxury jet was over the top. I put it on eBay."
Says Obama has doubled the stock market from where we started when he was sworn into office
On supporting the budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan
When I became governor, I inherited a large deficit. You know what? We just turned that into the largest surplus in Virginia history.
John McCain opposed bankruptcy protections for families "who were only in bankruptcy because of medical expenses they couldn't pay."
Thousands of Westerners and Americans are fighting with extremists in eastern Syria and Iraq.
Claims Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said she prefers the South African Constitution over the United States Constitution.
Says Hillary Clinton was literally present when we pressed the reset button with Russia just a few months after Russia had invaded Georgia.
"Our national debt ... is on track to exceed the size of our entire economy ... in just two more years."
The IRS filed an $11,000 lien against (Allen) West for back taxes. Three liens were placed on his home for unpaid bills, and a judge ordered West to pay over $5,000 for past due credit card bills.
Says we could have saved ourselves the cost of building the Powell Butte water reservoir.
Says challenger Dominic Chavez is a Rick Perry Republican lobbyist.
If you take into account all the people who are struggling for work, or have just stopped looking, the real unemployment rate is over 15 percent.
A congressional laundry closed due to the partial government shutdown.
Says that under City Council Member Randi Shade, Austin had the highest city debt per person in Texas.
Gross income tax receipts are exceeding the Administrations projections for this fiscal year prior to Sandy.
Because of a local version of Amendment 4, the taxpayers of St. Pete Beach have had to pay hundreds of thousands in legal bills.
Doctors, nurses, hospitals, even the pharmaceutical industry, (and) AARP say that health reform makes sense to do.
Says Betty Sutton and House Democrats gutted Medicare by $741 billion to pay for Obamacare.
There were more job losses per month in the last three months under President Bush than in the past three months under President Obama.
The cheerleaders for the Dallas Cowboys have entertained more troops in the world than Bob Hope.
Says he earned the highest possible credit ratings as state treasurer.
Fifteen years ago, you couldnt even get a pizza delivered in that neighborhood.
Romneycare is a top-down, government-run health care system.
The Capitol rotunda was actually made to invite the people in and to accommodate protests.
"I said two years ago that the Fannie and Freddie thing was a very serious problem and we had to work on it."
More preschoolers are shot dead each year than police officers are in the line of duty.
Says Hillary Clinton erased all of her emails even though they were subject to recall and review by Congress.
Over 214,000 doctors opt out of Obamacare exchanges.
The 2011-13 state budget cuts overall funding for public schools by $1.6 billion
Americans havent had a raise in 15 years.
Says a $12.5 million incentive deal she approved for Abbott Laboratories contained strong protections for taxpayers if job creation goals were not met.
"We had bipartisan legislation that got through the Senate" that would have prevented bonuses like AIG's "and then somehow mysteriously disappeared."
The United States has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world.
"Barack (Obama) has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation, which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository."
A legacy of taxing and borrowing crippled the economy we inherited two years ago.
The Arizona State Board of Educations failure to report teachers whose certifications have been revoked or suspended ... resulted in the death of a student.
Charlie Crist "bizarrely vetoed" $9.7 million for a teaching hospital at the University of Florida "despite having previously argued the budget request had merit."
Obama creates new tax on Christmas trees, fees get passed on to consumers.
About 70 percentof Republicans nationwide ...dont think Donald Trump is the right guy to take on Hillary Clinton in November.
Says Barack Obama has gone from blaming George W. Bush to plagiarizing George W. Bush.
Women still earn about 77 cents for every dollar a man earns for working the same job.
Donald Trump says all Mexicans are rapists.
"House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this week that the Democrats have to pass their terrible health care bill so that the American people can actually find out what's in it."
2008: Unions Spent $400 Million to Elect Obama.
Says Texas high school graduates must pass Algebra II to be eligible for automatic admission to states public universities.
Israel in the last three weeks haskilled more Palestinian children, more than 200, than the total number of Israeli soldiers killed in military operations since 2006.
"Our graduation rate is the highest it's ever been."
Terrorist detainees were not covered by the Geneva Convention. They were unlawful combatants. And under those circumstances, they were not entitled to the normal kinds of courtesies and treatment.
Says Patrick Murphy supports a gun ban on commonly owned semi-automatic firearms used for hunting, recreational shooting and self defense.
There are many studies that indicate that the longer people get unemployment insurance, it provides some disincentive to work.
Says Mary Burkes 2007-09 state budget had a tax hike of $1.8 billion -- costing every man, woman and child in the state an extra $310.
Under current law, if you go on a dating website and you say youre 32 and youre actually 42, youve committed a misdemeanor.
The proposed raises for the Norcross City Council would put it in line with other liked-sized communities.
There has never been a death caused by a [commercial nuclear] reactor in the United States, even when Three Mile Island failed in the 1970s.
Obama spent "40 percent of the PAC money, 43 percent to be exact, on Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina politicians."
"For the first time in history, my administration posts our White House visitors online."
Says Texas ranks last in the percentage of residents with high school diplomas.
The climate hasnt warmed in quite a few years. That is proven scientifically.
Says Bruce Springsteen played in 1975 at Seton Hall University in South Orange at Walsh gym.
A North Carolina study proves that probably over a million people voted twice in (the 2012) election.
Tarpon Springs takes its homeless to St. Petersburg.
The overall fact about illegal immigration is that its not actually getting worse.
Says Hillary Clinton has been in office and in government longer than anybody else running here tonight.
More people are apprehended after illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border a week than are born in Texas each week.
For more than 30 years after World War II, there was a steady reduction in U.S. debt as a percentage of gross domestic product.
"While I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart."
Says its estimated that 300 babies a year are sent home from the hospital with an unrecognized congenital heart defect; it is the most common birth defect in America.
Rick Scott tried to slash school funding by $3.3 billion.
Before Act 10, the total cost of public sector employees employment was 29 percent higher than that in the private sector. After the act, its still 22 percent higher.
When President Franklin D. Roosevelt started Social Security, it only affected widows and orphans, and when Medicare began, it was a small program.
The deficit was on track to top $1 trillion the year I took office.
As part of legislative fights over abortion rights,Mike Coffman co-sponsored a bill to redefine rape.
Says each year approximately 30,000 people in the United States die as a result of gunfire, and about 80,000 people are wounded.
When he served as governor, Schwarzenegger preserved more land than any other gubernatorial administration in Californias history.
Rep. Peter Petrarca voted on two pieces of legislation that helped auto body shops ... and at that point I think there is a conflict of interest.
Says Hillary Clinton refuses to testify before Congress about the 2012 attack in Benghazi.
Commerce Secretary nominee John Bryson appears to endorse world government.
Obama says McCain went to Bermuda and "pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore."
Says Texas is last in mental health expenditures.
Says Rob Portman even voted to allow people on the terrorism watch list to buy guns.
Says the Obama Administration has fulfilled all of Texas requests for fire management assisting grants.
Says federal debt doubled during the Bush administration.
Offshore wind power is significantly less expensive than solar energy.
Says $800,000 cost of Texas special legislative session would pay for 1.6 million condoms, 90,000 months of the pill or 20 full-time sexual health educators.
(Deborah) Ross defends those who want to burn the American flag, and even called efforts to ban flag-burning ridiculous, yet refused to help a disabled veteran fly the flag.
An estimated 56 million Americans don't have bank accounts.
ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi was released by Obama in 2009.
The NRA used to support expanded background checks.
[E]mployment in Gwinnett is up more than 3 percent over last year, and unemployment is the lowest of the five core metro counties.
The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old.
In the history of Republican primaries, Ive gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party.
The federal health care plan "costs Texas taxpayers $2.4 billion per year."
When the New Hampshire Legislature raised the gasoline tax, gas prices in the state were skyrocketing.
Social Security didnt cause the debt crisis. Social Security had nothing to do with the debt crisis.
Says that in the U.S. House of Representatives weve had bipartisan support for the repeal of Obamacare for getting rid of cap and trade for building the Keystone Pipeline.
We will spend $100 billion in Afghanistan this year, fixing roads, building bridges, training police officers, and more, [and] cutting the same things in our own country.
The war in Iraq was a major factor in blowing the top off the price of oil.
This type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesnt happen in other places with this kind of frequency.
A "massive" federal computer network will make your medical records available to "millions of people" with a "complete lack of privacy and confidentiality," while doctors and hospitals who don't take part face "stiff penalties."
Wrong precinct rules exacerbate our provisional ballot problems (and) HB 194 does nothing to solve the wrong-precinct problem.
Says Donald Trump used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower.
Sharron Angle would eliminate the Department of Education.
An illegal immigrant who gains admission at a public college takes class space away from students who are legal residents.
On whether BPs $20 billion fund to compensate oil spill victims is a slush fund.
On in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
The five economic indicators that the federal government tracks - for the first time since August 2006 - were positive this October.
In slashing $1.7 billion from Social Security, Rep. Jim Renacci may end up forcing the entire agency to ... shut down for a month, causing seniors to not get their benefits on time, halting claims processing, and forcing new retirees and disabled workers into a backlog.
Says Sen. Bill Nelson voted to spend $144,541 to see how monkeys react under the influence of cocaine.
"What were the old annual deficits under Republicans have now become the monthly deficits under Democrats."
Says(President) Reagans second inaugural was moved inside the Capitol. It was. Because of a terrible snowstorm.
Says a poll shows that without a name attached, Democrats are just one point behind Gov. John Kasich.
We spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as do the people of any other country.
On repealing the 17th Amendment
The governor is trying to take credit for recent actions taken by these companies. The problem is that for all three companies, the decision to move or stay in New Jersey happened before Chris Christie became governor.
My property taxes went down largely because my technical college portion went down 35.5% because of the money we put in at state.
"He has asked for $932-million of earmark pork-barrel spending, nearly a million dollars for every day that hes been in the United States Senate."
Canada "does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."
Lots of studies seem to indicate that minors find it very easy to get marijuana, easier than to get alcohol.
The geography of poverty has changed fundamentally in the last 15 years, with more of it concentrated in fragile and conflict states.
For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy.
Says President Obamas decision to not issue a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline meant we were denied the ability immediately to reduce prices at the pump.
Says she is the subject of 60 books.
In writing his book, Gov. Perry pointed out that by any measure Social Security has been a failure.
The health care law reduces the number of uninsured in America by 3 percent for how much money? $2 trillion.
"We import more oil today than ever before."
Will Hurd tends to have a 96 percent straight Republican, straight party voting record.
Says Chris Christie vetoed Planned Parenthood funding five times over the course of his governorship.
Greece is not a big economy. Its about the size of metropolitan Miami.
Ive cut the budget of the (lieutenant governors) office by more than half.
Forty cents of every dollar being spent by the federal government is being borrowed from my children.
Cigarette butts poison babies and small children because of the nicotine in them.
One of the things I would immediately do is bring back the warrior class -- Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn. ... Every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didnt want to hear.
Since I took office, over 319,000 new private sector jobs have been created in Georgia with nearly 93,000 of those coming in the past 12 months.
"And it's going to be difficult for us to do this as long as we're spending $275 million a day on a war that should have never been authorized..."
Says President Obama was proposing pinprick strikes for military intervention in Syria.
Says there are no political prisoners in Cuba.
"First, he said he would leave residual forces in Iraq, and now he says he wouldn't."
President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'
When he (Donald Trump) asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no.
"When Sen. Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now."
Says Barbara Buono voted to raise her own pay 40 percent.
Says Texas has the most uninsured people of any state -- 6 million.
Ill be running against a career politician.
Says Multnomah County libraries are open 44 hours per week the lowest of any library in the four-county region.
Says Mike Huckabee appeared in diabetes infomercials to endorse cures and treatments that no health agency supports.
Says EPA regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger 575 Texas dairy facilities, 58 swine operations, 1,300 corn farms and 28,000 beef cattle operations.
In the past two years in Congress, Ive written more bills, passed more amendments on the floor of the House and enacted more of my bills into law than any other member of the House.
Says Travis County Commissioner Gerald Daugherty claims to have taken a pay cut, but for 2016, he voted to raise his salary by 19.6 percent.
The Employment Non-Discrimination Act discriminates against Christian daycare, Christian parents, Christian business owners, and the rights of religious freedom.
"Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent."
Irans defense budget is $30 billion. Our defense budget is closer to $600 billion.
The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country.
Says Erv Nelson voted yes on the pro-amnesty SJR 21, a bill urgingCongress to provide citizenship for those residing illegally in our country.
Virginia is the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases.
The average student loan debt in Texas is over $22,000...the cost of an average size pickup truck. But unlike car owners, students are not allowed to refinance their loans at lower rates.
Says Rick Scotts proposal for election reform only mandates 48 hours of early voting.
People think AIDS is done --its not done.
South Carolina has a labor shortage, specifically in the meatpacking industry.
When the City and the Fairmount Park Conservancy invested $5 million in Hunting Park, crime went down 89 percent within a half mile radius of the park over the next three years.
On day one, six people were able to sign up for health insurance through the federal marketplace.
Lets start with the premise that Rhode Island already has one of the 10 strictest [gun laws] amongst all the states.
Says that in her speech to the pro-Israel group AIPAC, Hillary Clinton had one line on the Palestinian people.
Says in our region, 2011 was worst drought year ever recorded.
In the 1980s, The lowest income people had the biggest gains.
For every one job created under the Obama administration, 75 people went on food stamps.
Says that after she declared her candidacy for Congress, the redistricting process was manipulated to allow incumbent politicians to guarantee their re-election.
Broward Countys unemployment rate of 5.3 percent is the lowest in Florida.
The Wisconsin Retirement System for public employees is a self-funded pension plan and its the money of the workers that funds it.
Ninety-five percent of the money used for union-operated worker training centers comes from employers.
If we got solar energy from an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year.
I helped pass what, if enacted, would be the largest tax cut in Texas history through the State Senate.
Under Ryan plan,those 54 and younger would receive the same kind of healthcare options now enjoyed by members of Congress.
Says Bernie Sanders was there when it came to (same-sex) marriage 20 years ago. ... He was there when it wasnt popular.
David Dewhurst is the first lieutenant governor in history to have a personal security detail.
The administration has issued rules for $1 abortions in ObamaCare and requires all persons enrolled in insurance plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay an abortion premium.
Overwhelming Democrat and Republican votes in 2011 for legislation in two special sessions on jobs demonstrated the bipartisan nature of the Wisconsin Legislature.
Says Gov. Rick Perry has never held a private-sector job.
Says President Obama promised hed keep unemployment below 8 percent if the stimulus passed.
We are in the bottom 10 in dollars in the classroom and the top 10 in dollars in the bureaucracy and red tape.
With 320,000 net Ohio manufacturing jobs lost, (Sen. Rob) Portman calls NAFTA a proven success.
Kathryn Starkey only attended half of those meetings.
Illegal immigration costs state taxpayers over $3 billion every year.
Says a liberal immigration reform group endorsed his GOP primary opponent, Dave Brat.
Welders make more money than philosophers.
Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago.
Says Mike Dovilla supports a plan that could allow a foreign corporation to take over the Ohio Turnpike 
Charlie Crist broke the quarter "record for fundraising in a U.S. Senate race in Florida."
The Murray-Ryan deal is the first divided-government budget agreement since 1986.
The American people spoke pretty loudly. They said stop all the looming tax hikes....
For the hour after the (Jan. 14) debate, Debra Medina was the No. 1 search on Google and for the remainder of that night No. 3.
When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program? Brennan responded and said, no, there is no limitation.
Says Time magazine called him "one of America's best governors."
On supporting the Supreme Court abortion decision Roe v. Wade
After four years of a celebrity president 85% (of recent college grads are) moving back in with their parents.
Hispanic unemployment has been ticking down from an all-time high of 13.9 percent because of the policies weve implemented.
I was totally against the war in Iraq.
There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this.
Says Suzanne Bonamici supports the $500 billion cut to Medicare passed last year.
Gas will reach $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan.
Were losing as many people to heroin and opioid overdoses as we lost to the AIDS epidemic at its peak.
Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad.
1928 was last time Republicans had the White House, the House and the Senate.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss votes more with Democrats than with conservatives.
For the second quarter in a row, my campaign has raised more money than any other challenger in the nation and brought our fundraising total to over $800,000.
Says the recall elections that aimed to remove him and other Republican officials from office cost tens of millions of dollars to run.
In Wisconsin, only half of all the adults with serious psychological distress received mental health treatment or medication.
"She stood by ground zero workers who sacrificed their health after so many sacrificed their lives and kept standing till this administration took action."
This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together.
"While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long."
By voting to approve [Question 1], we can . . . save 900 jobs at Twin River.
There hasnt been a Republican in the legislature or the City Council in Providence in over 30 years.
The (economic stimulus) legislation could open billions of taxpayer dollars to left-wing groups like the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN).
Exposure to the electromagnetic fields from power lines has been associated with childhood leukemia and other diseases.
At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income students, the reading proficiency is 8%.
Says Obama replaced the American flag on the tail of his plane with his campaign logo.
The only two (Donald Trump tax returns) we have show that he hasnt paid a penny in taxes.
If you're a small business and don't "adopt the health care plan that Senator Obama mandates, he's going to fine you."
I have cut taxes 63 times, including a 2006 property tax reduction that ranks as the largest in state history.
New Jersey has the largest transit system in the entire country.
New jobs numbers are in, and Wisconsin has fallen to dead last in Midwest job growth.
"Under the Baucus bill ... federal funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions."
Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jerseys best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
Cap-and-trade is wildly unpopular with Americans.
"By registration fewer than 20 percent of Florida voters are Independents."
Teachers were not involved in developing the Common Core State Standards.
As a senator, Hillary Clinton paid women less than the men in her office.
Mark Warners record is one of acting against the Keystone XL pipeline.
This (parent trigger) legislation was drafted by President Obamas top advisers. It was drafted by President Clintons top advisers.
Says Ron Johnson voted to turn Medicare into a voucher program.
Says Bernie Sanders advocated putting Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel.
Barack Obama's church gave a lifetime achievement award to Louis Farrakhan.
Toothpaste contains the poison substance of fluoride.
"Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office."
My two appointments to the Florida Supreme Court, Raul Cantero and Kenneth Bell, have earned reputations as its most consistent conservatives.
Says legislation supported by gay rights activists would strip mother and father from future Texas birth certificates.
Says Gerald Daugherty advocated lowering the penalty for crimes like strangulation in domestic violence cases because they just throw more people into the jail system.
Says four-year terms for City Council members are the norm in most cities of our size.
"Tommy Thompson is the father of welfare reform, creating the groundbreaking Wisconsin Works program in Wisconsin that became the model for national and international reforms."
We now sell more products made in America to the rest of the world than ever before.
Right now, in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbersand always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is.
I have fought for our shared values without being an ideologue or a partisan
The costs of cancer and all affiliated issues are over $20 billion a year to this state.
On a cap-and-trade plan.
The left is blatantly attempting to disrupt Georgias elections.
President Barack Obama reduced the cost of prescription drugs for nearly 3.6 million Americans in 2011.
Tampa Bay isleading the state in jobs creation.
Says Ted Cruz is a supporter of legalizing people that are in this country illegally and proposed giving them work permits.
Our economy (in Louisiana) has grown 50 percent faster than the national GDP, even since the national recession.
On whether he wrote a provision that allowed AIG to dole out bonuses.
Half of Oregon university students are on Pell Grants.
Says uncompensated health care costs absorbed by Texas hospitals are adding $1,800 a year to Texas private insurance rates.
Countries bombed: Obama 7, Bush 4
U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz has blamed the Republicans for the creation of Hamas.
We cut property taxes by one-third in the state of Texas while Ive been governor.
Says Texas passed a state Dream Act before any other state.
Hillsboroughs Public Transportation Commission has a rule that says cabbies have to wear socks. I mean, please. Come on.
Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $7.6 billion a year.
U.S. Rep. Allen West wants to bring back earmarks.
Almost 1,000 people a day are moving to Florida because they are more free here than they are in some other states.
Texas ranks 49th in per-pupil funding among the states.
"The Washington Times ... pointed out that we had succeeded where previous administrations had failed" on spending cuts.
"Here in Virginia, we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore."
"The McCain campaign is roughly in the position where Vice President Gore was running against President Bush one week before the election of 2000."
"We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote."
Health care reform: Everything about it is going to raise costs, raise taxes and lower the quality of health care.
The city of San Antonio reuses almost 40 percent of its water. You know how much the city of Austin reuses? About 5 percent. And thats not right. We can do better.
Since 1965, the United States has spent untold trillions yet the poverty rate hasnt budged.
New Jersey is the only state in the union that spent less on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade.
Says he and Mitt Romney always said that we agree with the 2014 deadline for leaving Afghanistan.
Says he said last year theres absolutely no reason for Texas to secede.
Says U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster used $293,000 of taxpayer money to send campaign mail.
Boccieri voted to spend a billion dollars an hour, every hour, for his first 50 days in office
A million people a year come into the U.S. legally. No other country even comes close to that figure.
When the Republicans were in charge, they actually expanded government health care with the prescription drug program.
In 1790, the first Congress, which was packed with framers, required all ship owners to provide medical insurance for seamen; in 1798, Congress also required seamen to buy hospital insurance for themselves. In 1792, Congress enacted a law mandating that all able-bodied citizens obtain a firearm.
Ken Mercer wants Sean Hannity and James Dobson included in social studies texts.
On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Says Charlie Crist could have expanded Medicaid after the health care law passed but didnt.
Says that when Congressman (Steve) Cohen took office in 2007, the unemployment rate was at 4.8 percent. The unemployment rate in Shelby County has reached 9.7 percent.
In Florida, when Jeb Bush was governor, state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000 and in2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off.
"President Obama pledged to go through the budget 'line by line,' but on his watch, non-defense spending has spiraled out of control, increasing by 67 percent in the last year alone."
The Koch brothers are one of the biggest polluters in the country.
Says Texas is the only state that exempts jet fuel from its state motor fuels tax.
Says the Austin City Council may give $4 million a year to subsidize a race track.
Says A baby in Coos County is two times as likely to be born to a mother who is someone who used tobacco during her pregnancy as is the average baby born in Oregon or the U.S.
From a standpoint of the county government, neither school system has received an increase in funding over the past six years.
On reconciliation
Every new Republican member of the U.S. Senate said they will vote to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Virginias current unemployment rate is the lowest in Virginia history.
Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler admitted his law firm worked with Koch Industries for nearly a decade.
Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education.
The United States gives $8 million a day to Israel and gives that country a blank check.
A new Colorado law literally allows residents to print ballots from their home computers, then encourages them to turn ballots over to collectors.
Georgia has lost more than 124,000 jobs and the unemployment rate has increased since the stimulus passed
Says state Rep. Patrick Rose votes 90 percent with liberals, backed the states largest tax increase, proposed nearly $15 billion in government spending and supported Obama-style government-run health care system for Texas.
During the Eisenhower Administration, not a single soldier died in combat.
There is no planned air-conditioned restaurant out on the Lens.
On the Keystone XL pipeline
80 percent of North Carolinians are for the living wage
California Senator, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said if she could say to Mr. America and Mrs. America, Give me your guns, Im rounding em up, she would.
Says he has supported George Bush more than I have Barack Obama.
The average fast food worker is 29, and most fast food workers are on some form of public assistance.
By 2015, we will be sending so much interest to China that we will be paying for the entire Peoples Liberation Army.
At the time that (Medicare Part D) was passed (it) was actually less popular than the Affordable Care Act, according to the polls.
Says the U.S. Senate has passed a budget over the last three years called the Budget Control Act.
Medicare officials have treated Humana and AARP inconsistently on how they can communicate with seniors.
Huckabee "was one of the highest taxing governors that we had in this country and rivaling Bill Clinton in terms of the Cato ratings."
Interior deportations under Obama were down 40 percent and at a nine-year low.
Rick Scott got a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida.
Recent news reports indicate DWI crashes in Austin dropped 23 percent since ridesharing entered the market.
The Islamic State just built a hotel in Syria.
In reality, there have been no problems whatsoever with the Texas voter ID law.
An April study found that about 70 percent of ads in this election cycle have been negative [due to SuperPACs], up from only 9 percent through the same period in 2008.
Ninety million Americans either arent working or arent looking for work.
The Iranians are now saying that what were saying the deal is and what they understand it to be are two different things.
The federal government has 77 different means-tested social welfare programs.
Because George Holding doesnt live in the congressional district hes running for, he doesnt experience the same things that we are all experiencing.
Weve cut the deficit by two-thirds.
Says President Obama has never made a statement ... that he wanted a residual force left (in Iraq).
I have returned money every year since taking office.
In the last 15 years, weve witnessed a dramatic expansion in the jailing of immigrants, from about 70,000 people detained annually to about 400,000.
Says Maryellen OShaughnessy accepted campaign cash from indicted politician Jimmy Dimora.
Palin "fired Wasilla's Police Chief because he 'intimidated' her."
The CEO of Goldman Sachs let his employees know that hed be just fine with either Bush or Clinton.
Republican leadership took the lead confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general.
Its bad enough that (Stephen) Silberkraus appeared in a sexual fetish film where women were kidnapped from their homes and forced to live naked in kennels and trained to be pets. But when Silberkraus isnt acting in films that degrade women, hes stalking them in his personal time.
Says Hillary Clinton voted to raise taxes on workers earning as little as $41,500.
"You know, the approval rating of Congress is down to 13 percent."
Schools in some states are spending up to 100 days a year doing test-prep or actual testing.
In Oregon, students are skipping math class to learn about the Bible.
The United States right now incarcerates more African-Americans as a percentage than apartheid South Africa did.
Before 2005, the percentage of Texas high school students meeting the college readiness standards of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board stood at 28% in English and 42% in math. Those figures stood at 65% and 66% in 2013.
Georgia has a well-deserved reputation for setting the gold standard for food safety.
I asked the unions to pay into their own health care insurance ... and they said I was being unreasonable. I requested that they contribute toward their own pensions ... and they screamed it was unfair.
We have created more jobs in this last year than the Bush administration (did) in eight years.
If lawmakers fail to avert the fiscal cliff, 18 percent of the federal money that is sent to the states will be eliminated.
In 2011, the average annual compensation for a teacher in the Milwaukee Public Schools system will exceed $100,000.
Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal eliminates Medicare in 10 years.
Says there are fewer jobs in America today than when Barack Obama became president.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Cory Gardner blocked immigration reform and voted to deport our DREAMers.
Says PolitiFact validated and independently documented its criminal history claims about Adan Ballesteros.
Women make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
About 800 people refused to get a drug screening because they are out there on drugs.
Says Mitt Romney asked for a waiver from federal welfare rules.
Says Tom Hughes supports paving over thousands of acres with over-development and sprawl.
Sen. Jack Reed cast the deciding vote in the Senate for the Affordable Care Act.
David Cicilline was the state representative who opposed tough mandatory sentences for those convicted of domestic violence and child abuse.
Bill White ...offered sanctuary to illegal immigrants.
Says the Clintons burst through their own self-pronounced guidelines by acceptingforeign donations.There is a clip of Bill Clinton saying were not going to take foreign donations.
Overall we currently have $981 million, almost a billion dollars in active development projects right here in the City of Richmond.
China has made enormous progress in its human rights. That is a fact recognized by all the people in the world.
U.S. teenagers have now fallen behind their counterparts in Ireland, Poland and even Vietnam in math and science.
Not one illness has been reported from raw milk in Texas in more than four years. A total of six illnesses have occurred in the last 20 years.
We have one of the highest percentages per capita of nonprofits in this state of any state in the union.
The GOP platform that seeks further limits on abortion and is silent on an exception for rape has been there for more than 30 years.
Says Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has animmigrant family background.
Under the new Arizona immigration law, police can't stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal.
California gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner, a Republican, "gave $10,000 to Al Gore's recount" effort in 2000.
Fox News uses photo of a married couple promoting traditional marriage and the photo is actually of a same-sex couple.
Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases.
Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law.
The National Park Service has an annual budget that is less than the city of Austin.
It is ironic that (First Energy Corp. is) going to have a name on our (football stadium) where we (Cleveland Public Power) supply the electricity.
Congressman Jeff Denhamhas agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.
In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, hands or feet or clubs and hammers than with any type of rifle.
As governor, Tim Kaine oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration, a tremendous increase.
Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence provides zero state funding for homeless shelters.
Virginias banning of felons from voting is a Jim Crow-era law.
Weve broken by millions the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election.
Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person.
SaysBernie Sanders has reversed his position on immunity for gun manufacturers and sellers.
"There's not a major bill I know with Hillary's name on it."
The national economic recovery has led to higher than expected tax revenues and projected budget surpluses in nearly every state in the nation, including Wisconsin.
Says we are going to sell this house and use the proceeds to stabilize rates.
Says 15,000 IRS employees have to be added to administer ObamaCare and look at the tax implications.
As a senator, Hillary Clinton actually paid female staffers a lot less than men.
My campaign finished the last quarter reporting the most cash on hand of any Republican in the field $13.8 million in the bank, $3.5 million more than the Jeb Bush campaign.
I have a D-minus voting record from the NRA.
Says he "fought against $3 billion in cuts to public education since 2003."
When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman.
Say easing restrictions on selling alcohol on Sundays will result in more traffic crashes and fatalities.
Says Chris Christie inherited the highest taxes in America and the worst unemployment in the region.
Right now the Tea Party polls higher than the Republicans and the Democrats.
Every year the First Coast Guard District saves 350 lives in the Northeast.
Figures for September 2014s job growth in Wisconsin mark the largest private-sector job creation weve had in the month of September in more than a decade
According to the CDC, 110 million Americans now have a sexually transmitted illness.
We were able to provide $428 million worth of property tax relief.
Says President Obama is reducing our naval fleet to 1917 levels...
Our median household income in 2013 was the highest in the nation.
The facts show that approximately 40 persons on death row have had all of their appellate review completed and await only the governors signature on a death warrant to end the case.
If you give guns to gangs, you can get out of jail free, if (Californias Proposition 57) passes. If you do a drive-by shooting, you can get out of jail free, if Proposition 57 passes. If you discharge guns on a school yard, you can get out of jail free.
Amanda Murphy has two vacation homes around the world.
"I joined the Gang of 14, seven Republicans, seven Democrats, so that we wouldn't blow up the United States Senate. Sen. Obama had the opportunity to join that group. He chose not to."
Gov. Nathan Deal has taken at least $15,600 from the (Koch brothers), their businesses, and their employees.
A man using bath salts reported that raccoons had set fire inside his home and stolen his cell phone.
A couple retiring today will pay about $119,000 in lifetime Medicare taxes and receive about $357,000 in lifetime Medicare benefits. ... about 3 bucks in benefits for every dollar in taxes.
Says Scott Walker says he would ban stem cell research
For the first time in history, Wisconsin has more government jobs than manufacturing jobs.
The top 10 most well-paid CEOs in America received a combined $770 million in 2010, while the average American workers wage rose just 2 percent.
Statistically, law-enforcement officers die 10 years earlier than the general population.
America owns 3 percent of the worlds oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves.
Four percent of American citizens are black males, but they are 35 percent of murder victims.
Suicide comes from federal government largesse saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing.
We havent had control of the House for the last two years and its been malfunctioning. We had 109 sessions scheduled and held 49.
This Congress made history as the least productive, most unpopular Congress in the history of this proud nation.
According to 2009 estimates, an agreement with Panama could result in almost 1,900 Florida jobs in thefirst year and about 15,000 jobs afterfive years.
I have askedtheDivision of Emergency Management toreport directly to me.
Weve added, in the last eight years, $4 trillion of debt to the nations obligations.
The U.N. Arms Treatyinfringes upon our right to keep and bear arms.
"Teachers will not be able to return to work after raising their children."
Says Newt Gingrich aligned with Nancy Pelosi on global warming.
The Jewish holiday Purim is "their version of Halloween here."
"The fact that Rick Scott is running for governor as a 'reformer' would be funny if it wasn't so outrageous. This is a man who barely escaped imprisonment."
If you have a job in this country, (theres a) 97 percent chance that youre not going to be in poverty.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 71.2 percent of Hispanic registered voters in Texas and over 86 percent of African American registered voters participated in the 2012 elections.
Wisconsins state budget is almost twice as large per person as the state budget of Texas, and even after billions in tax cuts, Wisconsins working families and businesses remain subject to a heavy tax burden.
Says CNNs Wolf Blitzer was wrong to say that the wealthiest Americans, they pay the most in taxes already -- 50 percent of Americans dont even pay any federal income tax.
The people who want President Barack Obama impeached are all white, theyre all older, and guess what, theyre in the far right wing of the Republican Party.
"Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP."
When (Ronald) Reagan came in, from 1978 to 1982, economic growth averaged less than 1 percent a year. Theres only one other four-year period where thats true. Thats true from 2008 to 2012.
For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world.
The largest category of people coming into the technical schools in Wisconsin are people with four-year degrees.
Brazil got off oil in the last 30 years.
Louisiana gets "not one single penny" from Gulf Coast offshore oil revenues.
"We've heard talk about curbing our use of fossil fuels in nearly every State of the Union address since the oil embargo of 1973."
For the first time in U.S. history, a personal inaction will be deemed unlawful -- not purchasing a health-insurance plan
American colleges amount to a cartel.
Louisiana is turning down $100 million "that would require us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on Louisiana businesses."
Says he lived in a colonia while working as a farm worker.
Over the last 40 years, this countrys prison population has grown by 500 percent.
While President Obama says all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel says military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option.
Says Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents.
Even our attorney general who is a strong Democrat, she has said that we need causation in our workers comp system. Thats the No. 1 thing pushing our manufacturing jobs out of Illinois.
More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than whats spent combating Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America.
Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt felt there wasnt a need in the public sector to have collective bargaining because the government is the people.
Every time you buy an airline ticket, the federal government runs a background check on you.
We will be the first party to elect a bald guy to governor.
Says Robert Menendez is the king of raising money from Wall Street, over a million dollars, one of the leaders in the United States Senate. I havent raised any Wall Street money at all.
In the first 24 to 36 hours of the operation in Libya, you saw $115 million go downrange because a Tomahawk cruise missile is a little over $1 million each.
In the past year, DeKalb has attracted and retained more than 2,300 jobs.
"Two years ago...I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke, and told them [subprime lending] is something we have to deal with."
Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years.
Georgia ranks No. 9 in the rate of women murdered by men.
"Sue Lowden gave Harry Reid's campaigns a thousand dollars in five different elections, helping his Senate dreams come true."
A gay man who survived #orlando hate crime can STILL show up to work in FL tomorrow and have his boss fire him simply because he is gay.
Says Gov. Charlie Crist has called him "a rock star."
Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack took seven and a half years to finish college.
Says Kelly Ayotte voted again yesterday against a proposal to expand background checks -- (buyers) can continue to simply go online or to gun shows to purchase guns without background checks.
Government employees make 43 percent more in wages and benefits than private-sector workers.
Has created 60,000 net new jobs since taking office.
"I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel."
In Texas, schools do not even have to teach sex education.
Terry McAuliffe cashed in, walking away with millions from the demise of Global Crossing.
Historically, the Social Security tax has been assessed on about 90% of U.S. income. Now it captures 83% because theres been such a growth of income among the highest earners.
Phoenix is the kidnapping capital of the Western Hemisphere.
"A year ago, in March 2007, I called for immediate action to address abuses in the subprime market, and I laid out detailed concrete proposals for how to do so."
While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed legislation moving people "from welfare to jobs."
Gov. Terry McAuliffe has made several statements that he would love to be in a Cabinet secretary position with the Clinton administration.
Very little of (the defense) budget less than 10 percent actually goes into fighting ISIS and international terrorism.
Says the U.S. Department of Homeland Security must report to about 100 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Every American now is $51,000 in debt. Thats money I owe, thats money my children owe before they even go to kindergarten, thats their check to the federal government right now.
Says Gary Farmers claim that he received an A from the NRA is an absolute lie.
Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are front groups for foreign-controlled companies.
Says Donald Trump supports an agenda out there to privatize the Veterans Affairshealth care system.
Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge.
There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously.
Says Texas state funds were spent on a TV series on spouses cheating on their wives, kind of glorifying the act of cheating.
Bush's tax cuts for high earners have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit.
President Obamas lawsuit claims it is unconstitutional for Ohio to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the states early voting period.
"All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available."
Nevada is No. 1 in unemployment, violent crime, car theft, divorce, robberies and foreclosures.
Says the mandate is 71 times that a childs body will be injected with a disease for immunizations.
"Floridas high school graduation rate falls well below the national average."
Under Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin projected a $1 billion (budget) surplus and it turns out to be a deficit of $2.2 billion.
"I'm the only Republican who has gotten endorsements in this presidential race from major labor unions..."
Annexation would lead to overcrowding at Decaturs city schools.
Never once did they (House Republicans) actually cut spending or reduce the state budget. Even when they cut taxes in 2005, they increased spending. They never paid for their tax cuts.
On fundraising for super PACs
Twenty percent of our electricity currently comes from nuclear power plants. I think there are 104 in the United States, two of them around the coast in California.
The Nordic countries are some of the few countries that meet development aid goals.
Tells David Cicilline, 94 percent of the carbon emissions which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature.
Sen. Barbara Boxer voted against immigration reform to permit (Hispanic immigrants) people to come here legally to work.
"Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate."
Says Mary Burkes Madison school district will be the only school district left in the state to ignore the (Act 10) law in the 2015-16 school year.
The only growth sector that weve had in the last two years in America is government growth.
Fifty percent of the graduating class of the year 2012 will have smoked marijuana or have done illegal drugs.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
"As has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs."
Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents.
Its coming. Nobody can stop this train.
On average, each U.S. military working dog saves the lives of between 150 and 200 servicemen and women over the span of his career.
Had the online change of address been in place in 2008 an estimated 130,000 voters who cast provisional ballots could have changed their address online and voted a regular ballot.
Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually.
Says food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.
After the shootings of Dallas policemen, nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days.
I have a very conservative voting record.
Women in Oregon are paid 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. If the wage gap was eliminated, a working woman in Oregon would have enough money for 2,877 gallons of gas, 72 more weeks of food for her family or nearly 12 more months of rent.
Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary.
More 25- to 34-year-olds are moving to Austin than any other city in America.
For anybody whos trying to cross the street and has seen those signs that say you have to stop when pedestrians are in the crosswalk, that was a bill that I passed.
Polls show that 96 percent of New Jerseyans and 95 percent of gun households in the state support expanding background checks to keep guns away from those who shouldnt have them.
No other country has a constitutional right like the Second Amendment.
We have not taken away any rights that have currently existed in any city in North Carolina with the passage of HB2.
Says Ron Wyden spent $2 million to study exotic ants.
For a young man or woman who is entering the ninth grade in Newark this year, they have a 29 percent graduation rate.
The federal government owns 30 percent of the land in the 50 states, or about 650 million acres.
Ken Hodges badly botched this investigation and, as a result, justice wasnt done in this case.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have the identical position on health care, which is they want to put the government in charge of you and your doctor.
The minimum wage is lower right now than it was when Ronald Reagan took office.
In our community college system (state) cuts have reduced funding per student by $1,908.
The Atlanta Braves are the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in America.
After they bought GST Steel, Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy.
You have 200,000 to 400,000 military veterans on the street in this country on any given day.
The New York Times writes this long story about Donald Trumps tax returns but didnt point out there was no wrongdoing until paragraph 18.
SaysJeb Bush significantly cut early voting prior to the 2008 presidential election.
The academic achievements of our student-athletes are mentioned in the same breath and spirit as Notre Dame and Stanford.
Because of Barack Obama 32 million new people will have healthcare.
Right now, we only keep 50 percent of Georgia Techs graduates.
Most funding for tuberculosis research (is) provided by the U.S. National Institutes for Health.
An amazing 5,400 jobs were lost in the first 12 months of the (smoking) bans implementation in Ohios hospitality industry alone.
Says Mexico doesnt have birthright citizenship, and Americans are the only ones to have it.
After Massachusetts passed a mandatory health insurance law their mortality rate went down...it saved lives.
The Orange County, Florida, school board voted to make it impossible for a student to receive a grade below 50.
Richmond is the most vegan-friendly city.
In 2012, Connie Mack missed 178 votes, one of the worst voting records in Congress.
"Senator Obama's relatives and friends say he has been talking about running for president for at least the last 15 years," a campaign spokesman said.
President Obama has never received a paycheck from a profitmaking business in his entire life.
Wendy Davis opposes any limits on abortion.
Thats legal: If you find out about somebody elses salary even if youre doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against, including being fired, in most places.
The United States has experienced 40 straight months of unemployment at 8 percent or higher.
The president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve.
91% of suspected terrorists who attempted to buy guns in America walked away with the weapon they wanted.
If Congress fails to act, the Obama administration intends to give away control of the internet to an international body akin to the United Nations.
Labor union president Andy Stern is the most frequent visitor at the White House.
The U.S. has over $62 trillion in unfunded liabilities.
We now do have evidence that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
Nationwide tuition at public universities is up almost 300 percent ... in the last 20 years.
On a cap-and-trade plan.
During Lyndon B. Johnsons first 20 years in Congress, he opposed every civil rights measure that came up for a vote.
By voting for Obamacare, Sen. Kay Hagan voted to kill the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs.
The Keystone oil pipeline would employ 20,000 people in the United States.
Barack Obama, right now, No. 1, over seven years has dramatically degraded our military.
Says the Club for Growth tries to defeat Republicans, and that its president called Nancy Pelosi the person I respect the most in Washington.
"I argued for years that we need to move from a 'Musharraf policy' to a 'Pakistan policy.' "
Says if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop.
Joe Garcia raised utility rates on families.
"Two-thirds of the top-rated hospitals in Florida were our hospitals."
"The lifespan of the average American is less than that of people in nations that spend far less (on health care). ... To put it bluntly, we spend more and die sooner."
Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time.
Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus "have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."
Without Westside MAX, wed need to add 2.9 lanes to the Sunset Highway.
Says Rick Perry provided in-state tuition... for illegal immigrants.
Wendy Davis has already taken more $ from teacher unions than the past 3 Democrat gubernatorial candidates combined.
A proposed immigration bill will bankrupt Georgia if passed.
Says large majority of Republicans believe Obama is a Muslim and not U.S.-born.
In three years we could find close to 50 million gallons per day through a toilet replacement program.
The Washington D.C.-area never has a recession.
When Trump wanted to turn a taxpayer-owned building into an $800 anight hotel, (Congressman Jeff Denham, R-CA) helped broker the deal and bragged about it.
Says Chris Abele has had five years and hes done nothing about the Estabrook Dam.
Community banks are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank.
In New York City, an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher.
Theres no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections.
Africa is spending the highest percentage of their GDP on education of any part of the world.
Recent studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade.
The top 1 percent of income earners pay 40 percent of all state income taxes, and those at the bottom pay little or nothing.
If you look at the states where soccer is most popular, theyre overwhelmingly blue states, and the states where soccer is least popular are red states.
The number of African-American men in prison has increased fivefold since he left office.
Says at the state level were spending more on tax expenditures than we are on public safety, health care and education combined.
We have more hospitals that are childrens hospitals than any other state in the union. 
In head-to-head polls for the general election, I beat Hillary Clinton by more than anybody, by 11 points.
Says former U.S. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter refused to host town hall meetings during her time in Congress.
In Malaysia many of the workers are indentured servants because their passports are taken away when they come into this country and are working in slave-like conditions.
On calling Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
Ninety six percent of employers in the Granite State are considered small businesses.
Amiddle-class family donates $1 to charity, they get 15 cents off their income tax. Bill Gates donates $1 to charity, he takes 35 cents off his income tax.
On the use of presidentially appointed commissions.
Marco Rubio is a "Miami lobbyist."
Mitchell International Airport is the the third busiest airport in the world and the number one busiest in the country.
Georgia is one of seven states to lose jobs in 2011 and has lost 8,200 jobs so far.
Says Wisconsin Democrats during the previous administration adopted double-digit tax increases.
Mitt Romney says the Arizona immigration law should be a model for the nation.
Individuals with mental illnesses die an average of 25 years earlier than those without a mental illness.
Floridas economy became a bad economy ... because of a huge spike in oil prices in the summer of 2008.
Recommendations for a major tax overhaul for Georgia are an overall tax hike.
The government -- not the armed forces -- is stockpiling hundreds of millions of rounds of ammunition for domestic use.
Six of Georgias counties have no lawyers at all.
Employees in workplace freedom states make more money
Do this research watch how much crime picks up if you take away [football].
The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are back on the battlefield.
Martin Luther King Jr. was a Republican.
Rhode Island charter schools are nationally recognized as outperforming their counterparts across the country.
Alaskas Prince William Sound is pristine now.
Every (personhood) bill Ive ever support has either had language that says were conforming to the constitutional rulings of the Supreme Court or something to that effect.
Says Scott Brown voted to give oil companies big tax breaks.
The state of Georgia is near the bottom among states for SAT scores and graduation rates.
Were only spending 2 percent of our GDP on our infrastructure, while China and India are spending 10 percent of their GDP reinvesting back into their country.
Odd fact for odd draft: No. 2 overall pick will earn more than the No. 1 pick due to no state tax in Florida. So 2 not so bad.
One industry in America has increased its employment base in the last four years by 176,000 people: the United States government.
In 1947, when I was born, there were about 450,000 lions. In the mid-70s, when my kids were born, there were about 100,000. Today, there are less than 30,000.
Thousands of politicians from across Ohio along with their relatives, employees and friends are still eligible to serve on the proposed redistricting commission.
Says Mitt Romney is committed to overturning Roe vs. Wade, and he supports such amendments that define a life as beginning at the moment of conception.
If the state turns down money for high-speed rail, it will kill nearly 10,000 permanent Wisconsin jobs.
Says Pat Toomey visited Joe Sestak and other veterans in 2002 and then came home and voted against every veterans appropriations bill.
Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis called Obamacare a great idea.
"He has never voted for a federal restriction on gun ownership."
In Oregon, 12,808 people were arrested for marijuana-related crimes in 2012.
The six largest cities in Ohio all have higher rates of violence and crime than every major city along the U.S.-Mexico border.
"He's sued gun manufacturers. He was supportive of Brady. He was supportive of things like assault weapon bans."
Said U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall, D-Macon, sent nearly $2 billion overseas to build wind turbines and create jobs, mostly in China
The Republican budget plan says that 10 years from now, if youre a 65-year-old whos eligible for Medicare, you should have to pay nearly $6,400 more than you would today.
Says New York has bureaucrats telling you whether you can even drink a Big Gulp.
The wealth gap between blacks and whites in the United States is greater than the black-white wealth gap was in apartheid South Africa.
Chris Christie cut equal pay for women, calling it senseless bureaucracy.
According to a recent Congressional Budget Office report, under Obamacare, 7 million people will lose their employer-sponsored insurance.
We in Indiana have . . . the highest credit rating in the nation.
Cervical cancer in Africa is fully preventable with basic education, screeningand vaccines.
A member of the redistricting commission proposed in Issue 2 could accept a bribe from somebody and couldnt be removed from this commission.
Making public colleges and universities tuition-free, that exists in countries all over the world, used to exist in the United States.
A wide majority of NRA households ... supported this legislation on gun background checks.
Social Security is a Ponzi scheme.
In 2011, texting surpassed alcohol as the leading contributing factor in teen driving deaths.
The vast majority of (Syrian) refugees are young, able-bodied men looking for work.
Rick Scott increased tuition at our state colleges and universities by double digits.
Our men and women of the Guard have been forced to contact food banks to feed themselves.
Says Scott Walkers views on abortion are more restrictive than any Republican president in recent times.
An image of nine white, blondwomen shows the amazing diversity of Fox News anchors.
The Medicare proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., would allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre-existing conditions.
Of the four statewide races this century within a 300-vote margin, three have been overturned in a recount.
Says Newt Gingrich said Spanish is the language of the ghetto.
When I came into office, our vaccination rate in Texas was 65 percent. When I left two weeks ago, it was 95 percent.
Central Health is the only hospital district in Texas that spends taxpayer dollars on abortions.
Women who have miscarriages could be investigated by police under legislation supported by Republican state Senate candidate Rick Gudex.
On restoring voting rights to non-violent felons.
Says stories about his birth certificate drowned out media coverage of the Republican and White House budget plans the week of April 11.
Chesterfield has eliminated more positions from its general government operations than the Commonwealth has from the entire state government since (fiscal) 2009.
The Koch network (is) spending more money (in a Senate race) in Ohio than anywhere else in the country.
Says Texas Senate hopeful Donna Campbell doesnt live in the district shes hoping to win in 2012.
The state covered a smaller percentage of the cost of K-12 education in 2013 than it did in 2002.
The government does not need a warrant to read your old emails.
Says Gov. Scott Walker has led people to believe that if Wisconsin doesnt implement a (health-care) exchange, Obamacare doesnt happen here.
The poorest in this country are women.
Says Dow Chemical decided to build a plant in Saudi Arabia rather than Oklahoma due to the impact of environmental regulations on the supply of natural gas.
The head of the IRS ordered 24,000 emails erased before Congress could review them, making sure the American people will never know the real truth.
Says in Newark were paying 80 percent of the school budget from local property taxes.
Georgia has the nations fifth largest Women, Infants and Children (WIC) Supplemental Nutrition program, serving more than 270,000 mothers, babies and children every day.
Says she created the first felony deferred prosecution program for nonviolent first-offenders in Texas.
Says when an interviewer asked Donald Trump if he treats women with respect, Trump replied, I cant say that.
In every state, women are paid less than men.
Says Newt Gingrich has said that we should make the 11 million illegal workers that are in this country legal.
Says he can be on the ballot for Congress while serving time in jail.
Says a national Coca-Cola study showed Texans love Texas more than residents of any other state love their state; Wisconsinites ranked second.
Obama "only wants your children to have health insurance."
Says the federal government is earning more tax revenue now than any other time.
The United States was not one of 16 countries where David Perdue said in his Pillowtex deposition that he created jobs.
Maggie Hassan missed nearly every university system board meeting.
Says Josh Mandel opposed federal loans to the auto industry.
Says in our gun laws were allowing domestic abusers to sidestep this ban on getting a gun. The loophole allows a convicted abuser to walk into a gun show and walk out with a gun, no questions asked.
A substantial number of probationers participating in a pilot project to ease the farm labor shortage are able to finish the work.
Says the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal urged raising $2 trillion in new revenue.
The high-speed rail project would create 60,000-plus jobs for Floridians.
Today almost half our debt is owned by foreigners.
Says he was the only Republican to vote against creating a House panel to investigate Planned Parenthood.
So far in 2015, there have been more mass shootings than days.
Aaron Bean voted to give illegal immigrants in-state tuition.
Says he has a track record of not raising taxes.
Were No. 1 in child hunger.
Here, we have Thanksgiving, we have Christmas, we have the 4th of July. Every year in Iran, they celebrate Death to America day.
The pension fund in the city of Providence is only 30 percent funded, about the same level as when he [Taveras] took office.
Florida sends $135 billion and D.C. returns $150 billion.
Opponent Glenn Hegar expressed pride in legislated cuts to public school funding.
The Obama administration offered $900 million to Hamas, a recognized terrorist organization, to rebuild Gaza.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is making voting more difficult by closing Department of Motor Vehicles offices where low-income voters live.
(Big banks) have invested over $300,000 in (Joe Heck), and Heck has sponsored $44 million dollars in tax breaks for banks.
The alternative to higher state worker pension and health care payments is to look at 1,500 layoffs of state employees or close to 200,000 children who would be bumped off Medicaid-related programs.
Contrary to popular belief, we actually dont have that many public employeesWe are well below average in the number of public employees.
Right now, we have the lowest gas tax of anywhere in the country.
Providence has amongst the highest tax rate(s) in the entire country.
To help balance the 2011-13 budget, Gov. Scott Walker used a credit card approach that pushed over $500 million in debt onto our children and our grandchildren costing state taxpayers more than $150 million in interest.
Says Democratic state Sen. Jim Holperin voted against a property tax freeze in 2009 and then voted for a $1.5 billion property tax hike.
Today the Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of America.
Says Mitt Romney was director of a company that stole millions from Medicare.
On high-speed rail.
Winning enough pledged delegates is not impossible.
Atlanta now has as many visitors as Las Vegas, San Diego and Los Angeles. Orlando, Fla., and New York City still have more visitors.
Bill OBriens Tea Party legislature tried to repeal kindergarten and compulsory education, defund Planned Parenthood and eliminate insurance coverage for birth control.
Says Proposition 205 blocks market entry for new marijuana dispensaries.
This is the same (farm) bill we voted on a few weeks ago, with the exception of one or two sentences.
Says none of the government programs targeted for elimination or severe cutback in House Republican spending plans appeared on the GAOs list of government programs at high risk of waste, fraud and abuse.
We refused to balance the budget on the backs of our children.
A majority of the American people opposed the health care law when it was signed and still oppose it today.
When Chuck Schumer and Marco Rubio tried to push amnesty, it was Ted Cruz who stopped them.
Hillary Clinton has already said shes going to wipe out the Second Amendment. She doesnt believe in the First Amendment. And, she also believes in big government, which flies in the face of the 10th Amendment
Says Virginia, Florida and Georgia are the three states that are the principal source for gun trafficking.
Voter fraud provided a portion of the margin of victory of Democrat John Lehman over Republican Sen. Van Wanggaard in a state Senate recall election.
Our debt now is about $140,000 per household.
Georgias illegal immigration crackdown laws should be called the Brown Codes because of their similarity to the Black Codes governing blacks after the Civil War.
"Incoming House Speaker Dean Cannon and incoming Senate President Mike Haridopolos have said they plan to champion efforts next legislative session to allow oil rigs off Florida's coast."
Says his comment about extremists being a JV team wasnt specifically referring to Islamic State.
One man (New Castle, Del., County Executive, Chris Coons) thought property taxes should be hiked almost 50 percent.
NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, has been a disaster for Pennsylvania.
Social Security has not contributed to the debt and the deficits.
Texas is one of only a handful of states that does not have an equal pay law.
By 2009, dozens of senior terrorists had been taken off the battlefield by drones.
Says Tommy Thompson favors Obamas health care mandate, was publicly thanked by Obama for health reform support and that Thompson says we cant repeal Obamacare.
Says state Rep. Jim Keffer, a GOP lieutenant to House Speaker Joe Straus, "did mail pieces for Democrat Mark Strama to help him defeat" a Republican.
Tallahassee is the ninth-rainiest (city) in the nation.
Knopp says he upheld a campaign promise not to join the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS).
The United States is the only advanced country on Earth that doesnt guarantee paid maternity leave to our workers.
Faculty salaries at UW System institutions have now fallen more than 18 percent below the national average.
Says the Democratic Party createda debate schedule to maximize the opportunity for voters to see our candidates.
The United States has an immigration system where only 6.5 percent of people who come here, come here based on labor and skill.
We now consume at the federal level 25 percent of the gross domestic product. Historically we were at 20 percent. So weve taken 5 percent away from the private sector.
Says Gov. Rick Scott is spending a quarter of a million of our tax dollars to robocall people.
On allowing abortion in cases of rape or incest, I have never said that or advocated that.
In South Florida, weve had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s.
"Inequality in Texas is steadily getting worse, with very few rich people, a great many poor people, and fewer and fewer in the middle."
Says Mitt Romney has a corporation in Bermuda (but) failed to disclose that on seven different financial disclosures.
Washing your hands and covering your mouth when you cough makes a huge difference in reducing transmission of the flu.
Half of all personal bankruptcies in America "are caused by medical bills."
The president of the United States came in the Tuesday before the election in a ward that went 99% for him in the last election and they couldnt even (increase) the vote there.
Spending on welfare, on prisons, and education, all of those have dropped by hundreds of millions of dollars because of Arizonas immigration laws that drove outundocumented immigrants.
Over the last 20 years, the world has changed. It used to be that one could make a career out of working for one company. Today, the average worker stays at his or her job for barely four years.
We gave every public employee in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they want to be in a union.
Scott Walker raises nearly 70 percent of his money from out of state
David Simpson actually voted for drivers licenses for illegal immigrants.
Saysproposal to boostteacherpension fundputs no mandate on local government.
Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, shes seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped.
Says Gov. Scott Walker said no to equal pay for equal work for women.
We werent told they wanted more security for diplomatic facilities in Libya.
Says Hillary Clinton spent 30 days in the hospital in 2012 and appeared wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury.
When I became president and CEO of Godfathers Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles.
In Houston, Texas, today, there are no homeless veterans.
Says the City of Portland alone has 84 public relation representatives on payroll which cost taxpayers over $6.2 million (a year).
Charlie Crists personal approval numbers are plummeting.
Most countries have no debt ceiling.
Says he holds the record for most appearances on Meet the Press.
Says Saddam Hussein had a 10-year relationship with al-Qaida.
Congresswoman Frederica Wilson successfully postpones closure of the North Perry airport tower.
Every day, about 100 people will be arrested for possession of marijuana in Georgia.
Just like Hillary Clinton, Russ Feingold had a run-in with corruption and scandal by using a personal slush fund -- a.k.a. the Feingold Foundation -- while plotting another run for U.S. Senate.
We know that every 85 visitors create one Florida job.
Since 2009, after-tax incomes are up nearly 14 percent.
We understand that this heroin is primarily coming from Mexico, over the border.
Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once.
New Jersey today has fewer employees in state government than it had when Christie Whitman left office in January of 2001, and I think thats good. And we did it without any layoffs. We did it through attrition.
Over the past 10 years, the number of people living in Lower Manhattan has nearly doubled. In fact, Lower Manhattan has added more people over the last 10 years than Atlanta, Dallas and Philadelphia combined.
The top man at Yale Law School came out ... with just a raging report about former HP CEO Carly Fiorina,saying she isone of the worst executives in his memory in history running the company.
The American slave trade caused 5 million deaths or more.
"Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests including foreign corporations to spend without limit in our elections."
Says Texas colleges and universities may opt to allow guns on campuses.
"I'm predicting (the Saints) will go not only undefeated, but all the way through the Super Bowl -- something that's never been done before."
We have one of the most expensive General Assemblies, per capita, in the entire country.
"Since that famous day in February where the governor campaigned with Barack Obama on behalf of the stimulus program, 211,000 Floridians have lost their jobs."
Says of 80,000 people who were denied a firearm in 2012 due to a failed background check, only 44 were prosecuted.
The health care numbers are going up.
While I was mayor of the city of Providence we had the lowest crime rate in 30 years.
20,000 Kansans lost their health insurance because of (Obamacare).
Once the U.S. government signs a U.N. treaty on conventional arms, "all U.S. citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments."
When Georgia tightened its voter identification laws, the state sent a van and photographer to the homes of people who needed photo IDs and made them for free.
Over 40 of our 100 (House of) Delegates seats go uncontested every year, and over 40 percent of our state senate seats go uncontested every year.
Says Jeanne Shaheen voted to pave the way for a new national energy tax.
Since Obamacare became law, most of our new jobs have been part-time jobs.
Says that in Ohio right now, you could be 8 months pregnant and have an abortion for no reason.
We have killed lots of innocent people in the state of Texas.
"In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence."
The Declaration of Independence was written on paper made out of hemp.
Jason Carters plan: increase spending by $12.5 billion.
Dan Seals has been running for office since before there were, like, iPods.
Women earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men in the same position.
The Miami Dolphins are the only NFL team in the entire nation that pays property taxes.
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison has voted nine separate times to raise the national debt ceiling.
Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out.
Child care costs in some states now exceed the average price tag for college tuition.
There is debate among constitutional scholars about whether the First Amendment will continue to protect faith leaders from being forced to perform marriages against their religious beliefs.
Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003.
The head of the FBI has told Congress they cannot vet those (Syrian) refugees.
[Eighty-five percent] of the funds collected in each county will be redistributed elsewhere -- not spent in the county in which it is collected.
Say the ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay in the U.S. is 475 to 1.
More than 100,000 women in Texas have attempted to self-induce abortion in the past year alone.
Says Missouri families earning power is about $5,000 less today than it was at the turn of the century.
The platform of the Republican Party says deport everybody and to hell with it.
Says MarcoRubio voted to slash school funding by billions of dollars and would eliminate the Department of Education.
14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote.
Redskins is used historically as a term of respect.
Says that in three legislative sessions, his proposals opening pre-kindergarten to all Texas 4-year-olds never got heard or voted out of committee.
\u201CThirty-four percent of Hispanics don\u2019t have any health care at all, don\u2019t have any health insurance.\u201D
Says when New Jersey adopted guaranteed coverage and cost provisions without a mandate individual health insurance market rates doubled or tripled and enrollment dropped from 180,000 people to 80,000 people.
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele is a billionaire.
State employees will have to pay 100 percent of their pensions and health insurance after 2012.
Says a pro-Democratic ad is false for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to resign.
Members of Congress did not have three days to read the bill when the stimulus was rushed into law.
On advancing state money for a Formula One race
The 2006 Massachusetts health care law has added (only) about 1 percent to our state budget.
In 1916, the U.S. government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down.
Says the states new collective bargaining law effectively eliminates police unions ability to negotiate.
On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
(Mary) Burke was a senior member of the Doyle administration that left Wisconsin with 130,000 fewer jobs.
Our last budget committed the highest level of need-based financial aid in state history.
Independent voters have a ten-point margin in favor of Mitt Romney right now.
Senate immigration legislation is the Obama-Reid plan to give illegal immigrants amnesty.
Says Romney tax plan could take away middle-class deductions for child care, mortgages and college tuition.
Ive been through four campaigns and have not done any negative campaigning.
Tea Party Congressman Frank Guinta voted for billions in cuts to veterans programs.
Since 1978, California has spent $5 billion to put 13 people to death.
U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan include a "few thousand that are still green card holders who are not even citizens of this country."
Obamacare was patterned after (Mitt Romneys) plan in Massachusetts.
Georgia has some of the best maintained roads in America.
The Paul Ryan budget proposal would leave the country without Medicare.
A national organization says Georgia has one of Americas toughest ethics laws.
Americas wealthiest 25 percent pay 86 percent of total income taxes. Wealthiest 5 percent pay 60 percent of total income taxes.
Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries.
In the past four years, (the U.S. Senate) has only passed nine out of 48 appropriation bills.
Human activity is not causing these dramatic changes to our climate.
About 750,000 people die in China each year from auto emissions.
Florida has reduced its carbon emissions by 20 percent since 2005.
"The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined."
Says Connie Macks Penny Plan would cut over $200 billion out of Medicare, over $1 trillion out of Social Security. ... $3 trillion out of defense.
Says a Lubbock terror suspects alleged plan to use baby dolls to conceal chemical explosives is similar to a 1995 plot to blow up 12 jumbo jets over the Pacific Ocean.
Says a recent study shows Florida students are second in the world in fourth grade reading, behind Singapore.
Says President Barack Obama has an Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by 25 cents a gallon.
The Texas Constitution still contains Jim Crow provisions about the poll tax and restrictions on women having the right to vote.
With the exception of slavery and the Chinese Exclusion Act, our laws have never barred persons from becoming citizens.
If voters agree in November to approve a one-cent sales tax increase, that will give "Hillsborough County the highest sales tax of all Florida counties."
Says President Bill Clinton did not sign NAFTA.
Says Gov. Scott Walker cut aid to local schools despite campaigning on trying to restore two-thirds state funding for education
For 21 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, we simply do not have data to say anything about trends in poverty.
Health reform will "give every American the same opportunity" to buy health insurance the way members of Congress do.
Donald Trump rooted for the housing crisis, because he knew he could make money off of it.
Wisconsin ranks 48th out of all 50 states in venture capital investment.
The CDC is spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening and massage therapy that could be redirected to Ebola.
Savannah is home to the fastest-growing port in the nation.
If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because youve engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks.
In the past year, Floridians, not government, created almost 135,000 new private sector jobs. We netted more than 120,000 total jobs in the first 11 months of 2011; the third most of any state in the nation.
"My friend, we have increased the size of government by some 40 percent just in the last few years."
"In New York, when she ran for reelection, she carried 58 of our 62 counties. George Bush had won 40 counties in New York just two years earlier."
Wisconsin is 38th in the country in terms of proficiency standards in student testing.
Six years after unionization, 20,000 fewer children in Illinois were being served by the Child Care and Development Fund program.
John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend "a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."
Common Core expects English teachers to spend at least half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts.
If they made no changes whatsoever, the [state employees pension] plan still had enough money to go forward for approximately the next 16 years.
Says its an old wives story that Margaret Thatcher told George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly.
Oil companies "haven't touched" 68 million acres where they already have rights to drill.
Says President Barack Obama failed to stand up for the bipartisan debt solutions of the Simpson-Bowles Commission.
Phoenix, Arizona, Im told, is now the No. 2 kidnapping capital in the world, right behind Mexico City.
On the main GOP presidential debate:Not one candidate on the debate stage has military experience
"As a percentage of gross domestic product, we are reducing nondefense discretionary spending to its lowest level since the '60s, lower than it was under Reagan, lower than it was under Clinton, lower than it was under Bush, or both Bushes."
Says Donald Trump supports the Wall Street bailout.
Georgia is one of three states that effectively have no regulations whatsoever on lobbyists giving to legislators.
Says Ron Johnson is benefiting from several super PACs, I am not.
I didnt raise taxes once.
Says the health care law rations care, like systems in Canada and Great Britain.
Oregon is spending $10 million advertising Obamacare with ads that dont even mention the program and how to enroll in it and that dont mention the word insurance.
Says the Treasury Department says 41 percent of all business income reported on individual returns would be hit by the [millionaires] surtax that would harm small businessmen and women, the very people we are counting on to create new jobs.
I led the fight to require the Coast Guard to buy their engines from us, not foreign companies.
On Sandra Day O'Connor: "I think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience" before she joined the Supreme Court.
In Massachusetts, half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients.
A proposed San Antonio ordinance will allow men into womens restrooms in the city.
John Cornyn backed his pal David Dewhurst for the U.S. Senate over Ted Cruz.
Since 1999, 440 people have been killed in attacks on church property in the United States.
Says Scott Walker runs a state government that bans employees from talking about climate change.
"As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!"
We could cut unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers.
We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery.
The unemployment rate for folks whove never gone to college is almost double what it is for those who have.
Under the federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is listed in the same Schedule I as heroin, even though marijuana is not a killer drug like heroin.
As a result of Obamacare, we are becoming something of a part-time employment country.
The Rev. Wright compared "the United States Marine Corps with Roman legionnaires who were responsible for the death of our Savior."
In 2011, our state-run lottery funded New Jersey classrooms by over $930 million.
Social Security was advocated in the 1930s as a way of getting people to quit working, because they thought we were confined to a permanent scarcity of jobs in this country.
"I didn't say" it doesn't really matter whether Gore or Bush is president.
There isnt a single (Texas) legislator under the age of 30, even though millennials make up 25 percent of the electorate in Texas.
Langevin votes the party line about 98 percent of the time."
Says that in 2008, President Barack Obama said normalization with Cuba would first require liberation of all political prisoners and some basic steps toward freedom, including freedom of the press, political parties, labor unions.
The United States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
There is no $30 million pot of money for redistricting issues, including defending redistricting lawsuits. Your tax dollars are not being spent on anything like that.
Georgia has had 12 school shootings in the two years since the mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School, more than any other state.
If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that theres something called the Geneva Convention were going to have to pull out of.
David Perdue opposes laws that provide equal pay protections for women.
Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment.
Reconciliation was used "for tax cuts for the rich twice under Bush."
We had an agreement that the president could have signed that would have kept 10,000 troops in Iraq.
We dont show people playing these games. We dont show them winning playing the video lottery games.
Weve got the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
The states tax burden has, according to census figures released today, cost our state another 190,000 residents in 2009.
Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs.
A gas tax holiday "would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."
Says recent polls show Americans agree with Republicans that the federal debt ceiling should not be raised and the debt and deficit should be dealt with mostly by cutting spending.
New business startups are at the lowest levels in 30 years.
Florida is one of the few states that has actually had a narrowing of the achievement gap based on income, or based on race or ethnicity.
Says Ken Cuccinelli supported a law that could allow people to carry missile launchers into airports.
Says that U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio says troops are leaving Iraq too fast.
Medicare has spent $172 million on penis pumps in the last five years at $360 a pop.
Ted Strickland stands in lockstep with Hillary Clinton and the abortion lobby in their desire to force Americans to pay for abortion on demand, up until the moment of birth, with their taxpayer dollars.
Says the top 20 percent of income earners pay nearly 70 percent of all federal taxes.
Most of the U.S. Senate is comprised of multimillionaires.
In the last two years, super PACs raised more than $180 million -- with roughly half of it coming from fewer than 200 super-rich people and roughly 20 percent from corporations.
ISIS is right now crucifying Christians in Iraq, literally nailing Christians to trees.
"I have a record on the environment of creating green energy ... taking trash and turning it into cash."
The Dallas Cowboys cant put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed.
Richmond teachers have not gotten a raise for almost 10 years.
The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care.
Wisconsin state and local government workers pay $500, $600 or in some cases, $1,000 per year in union dues.
When you get a commercial pilots license, you learn to communicate in English no matter where you are in the world.
25,000 businesses have been created since (Scott) Walker took office.
Texas is growing twice as fast as the rest of the country.
On the importance of an independent voting record
A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country.
There are more pain clinics in Broward County than there are McDonalds in Broward County.
Says military commanders have said that if Donald Trump were elected, they would not follow his orders.
In her nearly decade and (a) half in Congress, Tammy Baldwin has sponsored 105 bills. Only three have been enacted into law.
Former President George W. Bush and former Vice President Dick Cheney are unable to visit Europe due to outstanding warrants.
Michelle Nunn ranks agriculture issues as the 18th most important items facing Georgia.
The market is making this decision. The market has driven down the cost of coal, so you have companies going bankrupt.
In the 100 days since its passage, the economic stimulus has "saved or created nearly 150,000 jobs."
During the last election, Democrats won over a million votes more than Republicans, but because of the way districts are designed, the Republicans got 33 more members of the House of Representatives than the Democrats did.
Says Rep. Betty Sutton supports allowing welfare fund withdrawals from strip clubs, casinos and liquor stores.
The stimulus bill contains $20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers and $25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs.
Says he helped save the Olympic games.
"Senator McCain voted against the Bush tax cuts. Now he's for them."
With his proposal to cut income and property taxes, Scott Walker is increasing the state deficit at a time when borrowing is already at record levels.
ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil.
The federal government is spending 25 percent of our entire economy versus 100 years ago we spent only 2 percent.
After today, @GovJayNixon will have been overridden more times than all previous governors in #MO history #moleg
Patrick Murphy voted for Obamacare in 2010, yet he reversed himself and voted to delay the employer mandate and the individual mandate.
Rick Scott's former health care company, Columbia/HCA, committed "fraud."
"President Obama himself attempted to filibuster Justice Alito, who now sits on the Supreme Court."
Polling shows that nearly 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support requiring background checks for all gun sales.
We have almost 68,000 Georgia students who are required by law to attend a chronically failing school.
Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks.
"Daniel Webster said he's out. Now he says he's in."
Under my platform, I will make no changes to the current (Medicare) system for current retirees and anyone approaching retirement.
The Greenest County in America.
Says El Paso was named Americas Safest Large City a year after San Antonio, Houston and Dallas had the nations highest crime rates.
Since Volvo spurned Georgia for South Carolina in early May, some 3,455 jobs promising more than $800 million in investments have come to the Peach State.
We are taking Virginias investment in public education to the highest level in the commonwealths history.
"FDR was called a socialist and a communist."
Over the last four years, the deficit has gone up, but 90 percent of that is as a consequence of President George W. Bushs policies and the recession.
Weve had 27 (Ebola) outbreaks around the globe and theyve never spread outside of the confines of the countries that were initially affected.
Says Donald Trump said at the Republican convention, I alone can fix it.
We are looking at 150,000 barrels (of oil) per day less next year, and 200,000 barrels per day less being able to be developed from the gulf the year after because of the moratorium on new drilling enacted by the Obama administration.
This is the only state in the country that bypassed the General Assembly to authorize [in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants].
Of the 18 stadiums built from 2004 to 2013, 47 percent of the total cost came from public sources.
Says a new national poll shows the majority of the American people believe we should have a gold standard for U.S. currency.
Says Barack Obama is trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks.
Even our nuclear arsenal doesnt work. It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They dont know if it worked.
If you log into the governments Cash for Clunkers Web site (cars.gov) from your home computer, the government can seize all of your personal and private information, and track your computer activity.
The oil and natural gas industry provides or supports 141,600 jobs in Georgia.
In 2009, the state Legislature passed more than $5 billion in tax increases.
Says under our current sentencing laws, about 75 percent of all convicted felons in Oregon do not go to prison.
Right now were the highest taxed country in the world.
Todd Staples recently tried to woo his supporters and right-wing base by suggesting the Agriculture Commission cut programs intended to feed the elderly and disabled, many of whom are veterans.
In the first round of repayments from financial institutions that received TARP money, the government has actually turned a profit.
Says he has seen Border Patrol signs near the Mexico border in English, Spanish and Chinese.
George W. Bush was the least popular president in modern history.
Says Harry Reid, when asked about the Republican field, said the Republican he likes the best is Donald Trump, and he said, because I can work with him. Hell cut deals.
The Green Bay Packers are a socialist organization.
Economic inequality in Multnomah County has a face -- and a name. It has 90,000 faces and names -- the number of county residents who are still unemployed, or underemployed, in the wake of the 2008 Wall Street crash.
My debt to GDP was the lowest or one of the lowest of modern presidents. My taxes to GDP was the lowest and my spending to GDP was too.
Says over the last 48 years, every governor at the midterm of his first term or her first term has lost seats in the Legislature, with the exception of Jim McGreevey in 2003.
Says the 2011-13 state budget eliminates the structural deficit for the first time in decades.
Barack Obama "cut taxes for working families."
The Georgia Regional Transportation Authority concluded that light rail in Cobb County would more than double commute time and would therefore be unsuccessful in alleviating traffic congestion.
I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter.
Since Gov. Nathan Deal office in 2011, the states rainy day fund has grown by 643 percent.
Says President Barack Obama built this $16 trillion debt.
The IRS is going to be in charge of our health care.
Im also the only lieutenant governor to not take a security detail.
Says Obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words endowed by their Creator when referring to the Declaration of Independence.
The price tag amounted to nearly $4,200 for every man, woman and child in the state.
"John McCain wants to privatize Social Security."
Says Donald Trumps presidential victory was an electoral landslide.
Wisconsins rainy day fund is 165 times bigger than when we first took office.
In FY 2014 Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions while receiving $528 million from taxpayers, in violation of the Hyde amendment.
Says opponent Ted Cruz has not led businesses.
Says Donald Trump thinks stop-and-frisk is fine.
Mitt Romney has "a pro-choice record."
This is a test of the Share the Facts widget.
Wisconsin bill grants drug companies and medical device manufacturers immunity from injuries and deaths caused by their products.
Says as Co-Chair of the Joint Ways Means Committee, I secured the key piece of funding for the Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project bridge.
To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, "if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldnt have spent $1 trillion."
Says lawyer appointed by Eric Holder to investigate government leaks helped and donated to Obamas campaign, vetting vice presidential prospects.
The federal government owns about half of the West, yet it continues to acquire more land.
Congressman Phil Roe hands out $1.3M government check from a federal program that he voted against.
After the Texas cutoff of aid to womens health care services including Planned Parenthood clinics, over 150,000 women lost the only health care they had. Our Medicaid birth rate shot up. It cost taxpayers over $130 million in one year alone in extra Medicaid birth costs.
There are legitimate and widespread anomalies, and widespread questions about the conduct of (the Wisconsin Supreme Court) election, most visibly in Waukesha County, but also in counties around the state.
As the Democrats finally maxed out their government spending credit card Monday, Kurt Schrader continued to stand with his party leaders in failing to offer any viable long-term solution.
"Could I just point out that ... I seem to get the first question all the time?"
Virginia is headed towards another surplus this year, unlike most states.
Kasichs budget increases state spending from $50.5 billion to $55.6 billion. This is the second largest, two-year spending increase in Ohio history.
The deficit this year could pay all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years.
The economic stimulus bill created a council that's "modeled after the national board that controls Britains health system."
The city of Portland has won more national Constitution contests than any city in America.
"Mr. President, multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions" on health care.
"There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation."
Says Oregon ranks 43rd in education.
Says Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team.
Not only is there no scientific evidence that CO2 is a pollutant, higher CO2 concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life.
There are not, nor have there ever been, any boycotts encouraged by our organizations.
It turns out that Texas has an $18 billion budget shortfall and cant afford its new science textbooks.
Mike Martinez cut a deal with prosecutors to avoid facing possible jail time and stuck us with his $24,657.50 legal bill.
Michelle Nunn spent most of her childhood in Perry, Ga.
In total, we have added nearly 75,000 private sector jobs in New Jersey since we took office in January 2010.
Guantanamo detainees get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugsthey had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf.
Mayor Barrett saved Milwaukee $25 million, thanks to Gov. Walkers reforms.
Says about 25 Texas cities and 39 states have banned texting while driving.
Travis County now has the highest urban county tax rate in Texas.
"Took on the Olympics and turned them around"
Says 85 percent of IDEA charter-school students come from low-income families and about 99 percent of its graduates go to college.
Gina Raimondo paid 70 million in taxpayer dollars to millionaire hedge fund managers.
Says on the state level, we spend less today than Jon Corzine spent in fiscal year 2008, five years later.
For the new state budget, "Floridians have sent us $3 billion less of their funding."
By any measure, New Jersey has one of the most segregated school systems in the country.
Says Texas will be majority Hispanic in six years.
The Bush tax cuts created about 8 million jobs over the first 10 years that they were in existence. Weve lost about 5 million of those jobs during this recession.
They delayed my swearing-in here in Massachusetts for a couple weeks so they could ram (the health care law) through.
Saudi Arabia is the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries where women cannot get licenses to drive.
If you look at the benefits and wages of recorded federal employees, they far outstrip the market rates of the private sector.
We had a debate on whether ObamaCare was the way to go to fix up health care and the American voters said no -- emphatically.
Says ending the direct payment farm subsidy program could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit.
Immigrants start businesses at a faster rate; they seem to grow those businesses more successfully.
Says Marco Rubio said that people who essentially dont agree with him, ought to leave the country, like Keith Olbermann.
Our spending has caught up with us, and our debt soon will eclipse the entire size of our national economy.
8.5 million Americans have gotten rebate checks because their insurance companies were spending too much money on executive bonuses and administrative costs and not enough on health care.
Texas ranks third in teen pregnancies... and it is No. 1 in repeat teen pregnancies.
Obamas flush with cash, returning to Wall Street for even more money. Wall Street sure supports President Obama.
I spent 18 months putting together the sanctions against Iran so that we could force them to the negotiating table.
During the Reagan era, "the richest Americans had their top income tax rate cut in half."
"Sen. Obama worked on some of the deepest issues we had and was successful in a bipartisan way."
Says Edward Snowden could have gotten all of the protections of being a whistleblower.
Says Mitt Romney suggested that employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage.
Last year the (Medicaid Fraud Control Unit) in Virginia alone recovered over $200 million!
Jack Berry voted for a plan to cut $23.8 million from our schools.
Says the Republican Party platform says pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold while the Democratic Party platform says we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform.
As Washington debates cracking down on the big Wall Street banks, Ive passed legislation that does so.
In 2005 and 2007, Joe Straus received a 100 percent rating by NARAL (the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League).
Before I was governor, tuition was skyrocketing and we stopped that. We capped and then we froze college tuition.
DeKalb County has cut more money from its general fund budget than any local government in the Atlanta metro region.
Says Gov. Scott Walker signed abortion, sex education and discrimination bills in secret.
Rubio's tax swap proposal "would have been a massive tax increase."
Says the mayors job is to make sure that if somebody is trying to build a set of water treatment plants to cure us from cryptosporidium we dont have, we dont say yes even if CH2M Hill wants us to.
Eighty percent of the oil were discovering, were discovering in the deep Gulf of Mexico.
We had the biggest drop of the rate of unemployment (in)all but 4 states.
"In state after state, polls make clear that the American public understands the Kelo ruling is a disaster."
Says Rick Perry proposed a binational health insurance program with Mexico.
Says TriMet spends $10.3 million in police contracts a year for 56 transit police who must respond to non-transit calls
Says a CNN anchor said that Hillary Clinton has gotten a free ride so far from the media. Were the biggest ones supporting her campaign.
In the mid 1990s, in our state, (Florida was) No. 1 in violent crime in America. ... The only concern I had was for the citizens of Florida, who were subjected to a violent crime every three minutes and 45 seconds.
Says Scott Walkers listening sessions are invite-only and excluding the press.
The Obama White House recognizes a baby that has not been born for security purposes.
The right-to-work states are creating a lot more jobs today than the heavily unionized states.
The leader of ISIS was imprisoned by American troops and ordered released to Iraq by Obama administration in 2009.
Del. Ben Chafin took money away from Southwest Virginia schools while votingto build a politicians palace.
Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago.
One of the Planned Parenthood videos shows a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking, while someone says, We have to keep it alive to harvest its brain.
In 2009, the Small Business Entrepreneurship Council ranked Ohio 11th in the nation and 1st in the Midwest for overall business climate.
Texas now has the second-highest high school graduation rate in the country. And it has the highest graduation rate for African Americans and Hispanics.
Under changes being debated, state employees in Wisconsin who earn $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year might have 20 percent of their income just disappear overnight.
North Korea has a substantial standing army, one of the largest, certainly the largest per capita, in the world.
"If an Iranian woman shows too much hair in public, she risks being beaten or killed."
Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown shows someone can be bipartisan in Congress because he votes about 66 percent with his own party.
He has ushered in $3 billion in new investment.
Says Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
David Perdue supports Common Core
Says Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment.
When I go on Letterman the ratings go up.
The United States is the only industrialized country that does not guarantee paid time off to care for a new child.
Eliminating earmarks "would make barely a drop in the bucket with regard to the national debt, the deficit."
Many of the top officials at the Port Authority earn more money than the governors of the states that have jurisdiction over them.
Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor.
Mike Madigan made a fortune on tax appeals Saving his friends millions... Its an inside game played by people like Merry Marwig, Madigans hand-picked candidate. When Marwig thought her property taxes were too high she got them lowered at your expense. Saved so much she did it again. Marwig and Madigan: Profiting from the same corrupt system.
"Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one."
Two-thirds of American families rely on the mothers income to stay above the poverty level.
After 9/11, Jim put us all first by serving for 23 months in Iraq, the wars longest tour.
In the 80s, Democrats promised spending cuts, but delivered only tax hikes.
Says hewas one of the chief architects of balancing the federalbudget.
Only half of the murders in the city of St. Louis get solved.
"The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity."
Says indoor workers get less UV than outdoor workers, but they get more melanomas.
A majority in every state favors path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.
We are one of the most expensive [bus] rides in New England.
In Jeanne Shaheen, New Hampshire has a Senator who was the deciding vote to pass Obamacare.
Says Gov. Chris Christie has now come up with a new agenda for ethics reform in September 2011.
The Baucus health care bill "could be used to ban guns in home self-defense."
Gov. Scott Walker received a $7,300 pay raise.
Tennessees grocery tax is one of the highest in the nation.
Says Michigan U.S. Senate candidateTerri Lynn Land said guaranteeing equal pay for women who do the same job as men is not a good idea.
The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Senate approved a bill denying veterans the right to recover their medical costs for cancers they developed while serving their country.
The 48, 49 percent that supports President Barack Obama are people who pay no income tax.
Ten percent of violent deaths in the U.S. each year are due to strangulation.
Says President Barack Obama is sending a much larger (force) to deal with Ebola than ISIS is getting.
Young women, account for a shocking 74% of all new HIV infections among adolescents in Africa.
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on whether Senate Democrats would seat Roland Burris.
The Democrats in the Senate last year introduced a constitutional amendment to repeal the free speech protections of the First Amendment.
The United States is numberonein the world in energyresources;Russia isnumber two.
In 2012, 123 African-Americans were shot dead by police. ... Same year, 326 whites were killed by police.
Says Marco Rubio was for immigration reform and a pathway to citizenship before he was against it.
Says Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent.
We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state.
The (New England) Patriots were led by an explosive offense that scored the second most points in the NFL.
Says New Jerseys tenure law has now been reformed to say that if teachers get two years of partially effective or ineffective ratings they lose tenure.
Says climate scientist James Hansen says we have until perhaps 50 years from now, or maybe a little longer and at that point, we are looking at 10, 20, 30 feet of sea-level rise.
"In every single country, she had a majority of the vote -- or more of those who'd already made up their minds."
More people are losing their insurance (due to Obamacare) than are becoming newly insured.
My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagans numbers were with Jimmy Carter.
Hobby Lobby provided this (birth control) coverage before they decided to drop it to file suit.
Says he vetoed $250,000 from the budget for a program to learn how to catch rainwater.
In the event of a U.S. strike on Syria, the Russians will replace the weapons immediately. Theyve said it on the record. Theyve suggested they might even replace it with better stuff.
The president referred to the Syrian opposition just a few months ago as pharmacists and doctors, and so on.
The racial and ethnic makeup of the Gwinnett County Sheriffs Office mirrors the community it serves.
The city of Clarkston cant decriminalize marijuana. Only state legislators and Congress can do that.
Two years ago motorists in Ferguson, a city of 20,000 people, received 31,000 citations. Thats at least one citation per person plus 10,000 for visitors. The city is still surviving only on traffic tickets; theres virtually no industry there.
Californias proposed tobacco tax diverts 82 percent of the new taxes to line the pockets of wealthy special interests like insurance companies who dont have to help even one more patient.
A Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country.
It was (Rob Portmans) job to stop Chinas illegal dumping of steel. He failed, looked the other way, did nothing.
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on abortion rights.
A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance (of) ending up in jail.
Joe Straus is the first Jewish speaker of the Texas House.
Fox News said the New Black Panther Party decided the election for Barack Obama.
We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses.
Says Charlie Bass supports Paul Ryan plan that forces seniors to pay $6,400 a year more for health care so millionaires can pay less in taxes.
Says Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization of the Veterans Administration.
Undocumented workers crossing the border right now is at a 12-year low.
$6 billion water bond program voters passed in 2011 has yet to be tapped.
"(Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee."
Says Rick Scott gave a deposition in which he invoked the Fifth Amendment 75 times about his dealings as head of Columbia/HCA hospital chain
Immigrants have captured all of the nearly 9 million jobs created since 2000.
The world food demand is going to double sometime between now and 2070.
All (Maryland) crabs are born in Virginia.
Every major study that has been done by a legitimate group ...shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our (cap-and-trade) legislation. And if you wind up pricing carbon.
McCain "said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain, because he . . . wasn't sure whether they were aligned with us."
Forty percent of the country is going to be in states that are tolerant of gay marriage or at least civil unions.
The president is advocating a drone strike program in America.
Over the history of Austin, its always gotten more expensive.
Neither Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump has a plan to address the civil war in Syria.
Says a voter-adopted constitutional amendment instructed a state board headed by Jerry Patterson to put $300 million in investment earnings into a fund supporting public school operations.
There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trumps) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia.
Says state Rep. Fred Clark (D-Baraboo) ran a red light and seriously injured a bicyclist.
"He's promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of Social Security..."
The average person only pays about $1,800 in state taxes which is the lowest of all 50 states.
The Austin Independent School Districts graduation rate reached an all-time high of 82.5 percent in 2012.
Says Scott Brown voted with President Barack Obama 70 percent of the time in 2011.
ISIS lures women with kittens, nutella.
In the past six years alone, changes to the pension formula have saved over half a billion dollars.
Premeditation, in murder cases like the Oscar Pistorius case, can be formed in the twinkling of an eye.
Says in the last five years Senate Republicans have placed a filibuster on every piece of legislation and every nominee.
Every major newspaper in Texas calls David Dewhurst a moderate.
Says six of the states 58 family planning centers had to close because of Gov. Chris Christies budget cuts.
Last year, Korea sold nearly half a million cars in our country. ... The United States, you know how much we sell to them? Six thousand. What kind of deal is that?
A married couple that use the same last name is rarer and rarer in our country.
Claims that former Sen. Tom Daschle said, "Seniors should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them."
The tax-cut deal adds more than $800 billion to the deficit over two years -- more than the cost of TARP and more than the cost of the Recovery Act and about the same as health care reform.
Thanks to #ObamaCare, average E.R. wait in California is 5 hours.
It is rare that a retirement grade determination is conducted for an officer previously retired from the U.S. armed forces.
Says Rep. Justin Amash votes more with the Democrats than with the Republicans.
Says Mitt Romney runs away from Ronald Reagan.
We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years.
Says John Kitzhabers proposed budget for upcoming biennium represents 8 percent increase over last
The balanced-budget amendment once came within one vote of passing Congress but was defeated because of the no vote from a top Senate Republican, and Rick Santorum says he stood up and called for him to resign his chairmanship.
Californias Capitol building is second only to Disneyland, among visitor sites in the state.
Under current conditions, by 2023, the interest payments on the national debt will be $722 billion, larger than the projected defense spending of $696 billion.
Wealthy taxpayers, not middle-income earners, get most of the deductions in the tax code.
Saysthere are actually more people in poverty now than there were when we started the War on Poverty.
Georgia has elected more African-American leaders than any other state in the country.
Says Barack Obama never worked in the private sector before he was elected president.
Ive also offered a plan that can help (fix Social Security) thats supported by Robert Reich, secretary of labor previously, in a previous administration.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers actions are directly responsible for killing at least 15,000 jobs.
47 percent of Americanscant pay for an unexpected $400 expense through savings or credit cards, without selling something or borrowing money.
"House Appropriations Chair David Obey's partial earmark ban wouldn't apply to 90% of earmarks."
Under Ted Cruzs tax plan, businesses will now have to pay 16 percent on the money they make. They will also have to pay 16 percent on the money they pay their employees.
The most recent survey of climate scientists said about 57 percent dont agree with the idea that 95 percent of the change in the climate is caused by CO2.
"While others place their hands over their hearts, Obama turns his back to the flag and slouches."
Steve Poizner "increased his department's budget nearly 14 percent."
As a senator, Barack Obama supported "an amendment that basically gutted the legal temporary worker program."
Ken Buck wants to outlaw abortion, even in cases of rape or incest.
While Mayor Kenney personally doesnt support DROP, he cant fault highly qualified city employees for appropriately utilizing a benefit thats available to them.
Forty percent of union members voted Republican in 2008.
Says Scott Walker enacted the biggest cuts to education in our states history.
Says Gov. Rick Scott cut nearly $1 million from mosquito control and closed down the states mosquito research lab a few years ago.
Lean, finely textured beef is the proper name [not pink slime], and it is a safe, widely used product.
"When George Bush took office, President Clinton, a Democrat, and the Democratic Congress at the time had left an annual budget that was in surplus."
Says Every year air pollution protections are delayed, another 34,000 people will die prematurely.
The Tampa Bay Rays prices have been judged the most affordable in all of professional sports.
The property appraisers budget is $1 million less today than when I took office 16 years ago.
"Let's pay attention to kids who are not going to college, which ends up being about 60 percent of the kids... and get them trained for the jobs that are there. Because, you know, there are auto mechanic jobs paying $50,000, $60,000 that they can't get filled. There are airline mechanic jobs paying a lot of money that can't get filled." Remarks at AFSCME forum 6/19/2007
I am every year the No.1 pick of all of the law enforcement agencies within Texas.
We were told there would never be a case of Ebola in the United States.
Says her congressional district has 10,000 medical-device industry jobs and 1,000 will be lost because of health-care law tax.
Two days of interest we pay to China is enough to buy one joint strike fighter [jet].
A new federal program provides subsidized "Obama phones" with 70 free minutes of cell phone service every month.
Our larger domestic threat is from racial supremacist groups.
If youre a terrorist you cant fly, but an assault weapon you can buy.
Weve got to find 2 billion gallons (of water per day) between now and 2025.
Says in 2012 Obama won in every state that did not require a photo ID and lost in every state that did require a photo ID in order to vote.
On support for the Export-Import Bank
Says he didnt have an involvement withnutritional supplement company Mannatech.
New Mexico moved "up to" sixth in the nation in job growth.
"We worked together to enact ... the largest tax cut in Florida history."
Bill Nelson actually voted in favor of higher taxes 272 times.
We spend less than 2 percent more every year. That is the lowest increase in spending since they have been keeping numbers.
President Barack Obama said at the beginning of the negotiations that the basic approach was to dismantle Irans nuclear program in exchange for dismantling the sanctions.
U.S. taxpayers paid $71,500 per job created by the stimulus bill.
David Perdue did not support the 2014 farm bill that U.S. Sens. Isakson and Chambliss did.
South Carolina has the fastest-growing economy in the Southeast.
"By the end of Governor Rick Perry's term, he will have drained Texas taxpayers ... of more than $360,000 to pay for the rental mansion he has been living in while the historic Governor's Mansion is repaired."
From 2008 to 2011, the pages in the conforming bills have gone from 400 pages to 2,200.
Public employees receive something like 25 percent of the paychecks that are issued in Rhode Island.
The Iran Deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons.
As a Member of Congress, Chris Murphy was raking in $1 million in salary.
"He admits he still doesn't know how to use a computer, can't send an e-mail."
Social Security doesnt contribute a penny to the deficit.
Says state Sens. Greg Evers, Nancy Detert and Charles Dean got a failing grade from conservatives.
The average faculty member at UW-Madison brings in close to a quarter million dollars a year in grant money.
The DNC hack showed you that the Clinton campaign was working to schedule (primary) debates against (Bernie) Sanders, and the Clinton campaign is continuing this ploy against Donald Trump.
Bill McCollum "served as a lobbyist whose clients enabled mortgages for illegal immigrants."
We have only one person on the (TVA) board, to my knowledge, who even has any corporate board experience.
Says Gov. Scott Walker is cooking the books by releasing numbers he just dreamed up that show Wisconsin gained jobs in 2011.
Says Minnesota has more Fortune 500 companies than Oregon and one of the most obvious differences is theyve invested in their schools.
Repeal of Obamacare would take away health care for 10.3 million Americans who have received coverage since Oct. 1, 2013.
Under Gov. Scott Walkers public-school budgets, a student entering kindergarten will not enjoy the same state investment in his or her education as those that came before them until they are graduating from high school.
Every taxpayer owes about $130,000 to pay off the national debt.
Rick Perry has become a millionaire on the public payroll.
Says Mark Begich has taken campaign cash from the Kochs while Dan Sullivan hasnt.
"I took on the worst road system in the country, according to Trucker's magazine. When I left, they said it was the most improved road system in the country."
You can go to Georgia and make about $6,000 more a year as a teacher.
We have ten different tax brackets and if youre making $9,000, youre already in the top tax bracket.
For the first time since 1990, American manufacturers are creating new jobs.
Household income in America has gone down for families an average of $4,000 in the last four years while it went up $5,000 under Mitt Romney when he was governor of Massachusetts
The average bonus [on Wall Street] is about $100,000...The bonuses on Wall Street are down 44 percent.
Says he has never voted for raising taxes.
Says Bill Clinton and George Bush both say build the Keystone XL.
The Affordable Care Act is not the law of the land.
Says that Republicans bragged about how every bill was going to be paid for, right from the beginning and that the first vote, the repeal of health care reform, violated that rule.
Says Obama doubled funding for the Pell Grant.
Says Mitt Romney refused to say whether hed sign the Lilly Ledbetter bill.
The financial services regulatory bill "will end taxpayer bailouts."
Less than 10 percent of Obamas Cabinet appointees have any experience in the private sector.
Recovery.gov listed congressional districts that "do not exist."
The president has said the national security threat facing America, the top one, is global warming.
The economy is too weak to raise income levels.
John McCain's health care plan "won't guarantee coverage of cancer screenings or maternity care."
Says Dick Cheney supported gay marriage soonerthan Hillary Clinton.
After the 9/11 terrorist attacks grounded commercial air traffic, there was a temperature drop while the airplanes werent flying, for the week afterwards.
A state reports projection is that approximately half of public employees would live outside municipal boundaries in a decade if the state bans local residency requirements.
The annual gross domestic product of metro Atlanta is bigger than 28 states in the union.
Says Russ Feingolds campaign is powered by small-dollar contributions like ours.
In 2006, Charlie Crist opposed in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
In 1978, a student who worked a minimum-wage summer job could afford to pay a years full tuition at the 4-year public university of their choice.
Says that Sherrod Brown voted to cut Medicare by over $500 billion in order to fund government-run health care.
Says Rick Perry told students he couldnt attend a gubernatorial forum due to scheduling conflicts, then on forum day tweeted that hed just been running with his dog.
"Usually it's about $900 a month to get health coverage. (Florida's program has) reduced that, on average, to about $150 a month."
On same-sex marriage
Ohios judges, compared to other similar states, are being woefully underpaid.
Compared to President Obama,President Reagan rushed home from Santa Barbara vacation, from the Reagan ranch when the Korean jetliner was shot out of the air by the Russians.
Americans increasingly want (the Affordable Care Act) to be repealed.
"I supported tort reform with regard to securities...product liability...interstate commerce."
Says state Sen. Morgan Carrolls votes made it easier to sue doctors, small businesses, even nurses. Putting her own shady interests first.
Says the vaccine to prevent HPV can cause mental retardation.
A far different picture from the prior eight years, which saw 115 increases in taxes and fees.
Theres a big chunk of the country that thinks that I have been too soft on Wall Street.
The Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan office, did an analysis and said that passing comprehensive immigration reform will reduce the federal deficit by $200 billion over the next decade.
Barack Obama opposed a bill that would have saved Gianna Jessen's life.
In 2001, former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan "justified increasing spending and cutting taxes, saying that we didn't really need to pay down the debt."
Says Glenn Nye voted in lock step with Nancy Pelosi 83 percentof the time.
I dont think the argument can be credibly made that the United States of America is undertaxed compared to our competitors.
Says his elections proposal would allow a potential of 168 hours (of early voting), which I think is the most weve ever had.
Members of the public are being charged $50 to hear Gov. Scott Walker and a dozen members of his administration talk about jobs and the economy at Lambeau Field.
Weve got close to 7 million Americans who have access to health care for the first time because of Medicaid expansion.
Says half the Americans dont pay any income taxes.
In Africa, a child dies every minute because of (malaria).
Hate speech is excluded from protection under the First Amendment.
The top 1 percent of income-earners pay about 40 percent of all taxes into the federal government.
More people were killed in the United States last year by tainted food than U.S. troops killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since the wars began.
The Rev. Rick Warren "has called Christians who advance a social gospel Marxists."
Women in Florida make 83 cents for every dollar a man makes.
The Common Core was not put together by the Department of Education in Washington. It was put together by governors and by states.
Says Jeb Bush doesnt believe in a path to citizenship. If he did at one time, he no longer does.
Re: (Marco) Rubios support of earmark ban: In 2002 alone, he requested 37 earmarks worth $43 million.
The Seminole gambling compact offers $3 billion in guaranteed revenue, the largest share for any state in history.
There is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that "students cannot meet together in their dorms, if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money, and have a prayer group or a Bible study."
President Obama said 22 times he could not authorize immigration reform by executive order.
#Business formation is still on the rise in Ohio! So far in 2011 weve assisted w/ 44,443 new business filings.
The Obama administration notified Poland and the Czech Republic about cancellation of major missile-defense facilities "at the last minute in midnight phone calls."
In 2008 (Mandel) was re-elected to a second term, representing a district with a 2:1 Democrat to Republican voter ratio.
Obama "hasn't been to Iraq in years."
Its a plan that incorporates ideas from many of the people in this room tonight Democrats and Republicans.
Says city leadership is threatening to lay off police and emergency services personnel to balance the budget.
One out of every three automobile fatalities can be attributed to alcohol.
The clear majority of Republican voters think that any deficit reduction package should have a balanced approach and should include some revenues.
Says a Republican-drawn map of proposed U.S. House districts for Texas gerrymanders more than nine million Latinos in Texas to make sure that we have no more electoral opportunity than we did in 1991.
A million people could get health insurance right away if Texas expanded Medicaid under Obamacare.
In Texas public schools, we spend an average of $12,000 per pupil per year.
Says MarkKirk called for the mass arrest of 18,000 African Americans andwas apparently fine with Trumps #StillTooRacist call for mass deportation.
Warren Buffett called credit default swaps financial weapons of mass destruction. And Greene was the first individual to use them.
The average age of planes in the Qatar Airways fleet is about four years while Delta Air Lines flies planes that are 35 years old.
We put a lid on Irans nuclear program without firing a single shot.
Says Syrian refugees are not being vetted, and the FBI is not even being told where they are.
U.S. Embassy Celebrates Americas Independence on June 4th in Order to Accommodate Muslims.
The murder rate in Atlanta is on the rise this year.
Medicare premium support backed by Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan is not vouchers.
Even today part of Romneys fortune is invested in China.
On (Tom) Wolfs watch, taxes were high, killing 100,000 PA jobs.
The addition of a 1 percent sales tax would cost a typical household in Hillsborough County approximately $12 a month.
George Allencast the deciding votefor the 2003Bushtax cuts.
As governor of Florida I defunded Planned Parenthood.
German citizens were disarmed by their government in the late 1930s, which allowed the Nazis to carry out their evil intentions with relatively little resistance.
Texas has the nations highest rate and highest number of uninsured.
Says if Oregon had limited its budget growth to the rate of population growth plus the rate of inflation, the states all-funds budget would be about $27 billion today, not $60 billion.
Before this (federal health care) law was enacted, Florida parents ...were able to purchase inexpensive child-only coverage for their children. The laws consumer protections have now eliminated that choice in Florida.
Says there are more federal dollars in Gov. John Kasichs budget plan than in the previous state budget.
This Congressadjourned earliest of any time in congressional history before an election.
Forty-six cents of every dollar Ohio could get for Medicaid expansion is going to come from China or some other country that doesnt like us very much.
Challenger Tim Tuggey is a lobbyist who donated over $41,000 to Democrats who support abortion and same-sex marriage.
Congressman Nye voted against a bill which would have defunded the $5-10 billion the IRS needed toimplement health care legislation.
In contrast to President Barack Obama, who is not acting presidential, President Ronald Reagan would never go into the Oval Office without his jacket on thats how much he revered the presidency.
The sequester is not something that Ive proposed. It is something that Congress has proposed.
Over 32,000 people die from #GunViolence every year. Yet, (The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) is banned from researching ways to prevent this.
President Obamas education solution includes an effort to nationalize curriculum.
Greece has a GDP the size of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.
Says David Dewhurst skipped nine candidate forums after announcing his U.S. Senate candidacy.
The American people say, dont touch Social Security, dont touch Medicare, dont cut defense. Thats 84 percent of the federal budget.
Trey Radel does not even qualify to drive a Lee County school bus at this point, yet he occupies a seat in Congress.
On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
"Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' The Second Amendment.Ban the manufacture, sale and possession of handguns."
Texans spend $2.5 billion gambling in our neighboring states every year.
Texas has outstripped the national poverty rate since at least 1959.
Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington.
Says Bernie Sanders opposes requiring all children to have a K-12 education.
As Alaskas attorney general, (U.S. Senate candidate Dan) Sullivan successfully fought to protect our Second Amendment rights and passed stand your ground.
To abide by Environmental Protection Agency rules when mining or drilling you have to take caution not to disturb bodies of water barely bigger than a puddle.
Says his political opponents brought 100,000 protesters into our state.
How do Jeb Bush and Donald Trump differ on immigration? Spoiler alert: They dont.
The White House promised us that all the spending would keep unemployment under 8 percent.
Alaska Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Mark Begich vote as much as 80 percent of the time together.
Texas #2 in nation for new gun purchases, behind California.
"Productivity has risen 18 percent ...yet wages have stayed flat... There are 5-million more people in poverty here in our country than there were in 2000."
The president gave the (auto) companies to the UAW.
The richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the global population.
Earth has not warmed for the last 17 years.
"Gov. Palin ... is somebody who actually doesn't believe that climate change is man-made."
Even the employees union for the IRS -- the very people in charge of enforcing this law -- are begging to be let out from under this law.
Federal law requires residents to participate in the U.S. governments American Community Survey.
I deployed the Texas National Guard to the Texas-Mexico border. And the policy worked; apprehensions at the border declined 74 percent.
Since World War II, only Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton have had worse ratings after seven months than President Obama.
Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it."
The Democratic Party is the oldest continuous political party in the world.
The major immigration issue was about Poles, and Bulgarians, and Romanians, and that they werent contributing economically. The unemployment rate among Poles in Britain is lower than the unemployment rate among Brits.
Under the health care law, everybody will have lower rates, better quality care and better access.
Trumps Health Secretary Pick Wants a Medicare Phaseout by Summer 2017.
Health insurance companies deny 1 out of 5 treatments prescribed by doctors.
The United States is no longer top nation in the globe on infrastructure, having fallen to 15th.
Rhode Island could tell you who has a camper, but we couldnt figure out who has a gun.
Says the United States does not trade as much as other developed nations.
A state agency wanted to fire an employee who spent four hours per day watching pornography, but the state employment commission reinstated the person.
Says U.S. Senate rival Eric Hovde refused to pay his property taxes until he was taken to court.
Ted Cruz was the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas.
Today, home sales are up nearly 50 percent from where they were in the worst of the crisis.
Polls on legalizing same-sex marriage are not dramatically changing.
The McCain campaign "did not elaborate" on Obama's ties to ACORN.
In the House health care bill, "Something like 2 percent of the people would [be] eligible even to get the public option."
Anywhere in the world, when someone uses a mobile phone, e-mail, the Internet or GPS, they are enjoying the benefits of the American miracle.
Says that in Texas, Republican nominees get 40 percent of the Latino vote on average.
"Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare $882-billion worth."
Says Oregons political tax credit is something every state should have and no other state does.
President Barack Obamas policies have resulted in gas prices being reduced from $3.07 per gallon when he was sworn in in 2009 to $2.30 today.
When (Marcy) Kaptur fought for the Democrats prescription drug benefit for seniors, (Dennis) Kucinich voted no.
I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. You dont learn much in a tax return.
When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down.
Wisconsins effective unemployment rate is 20 percent.
The Milwaukee Police Department has seized nearly as many firearms this year as the much larger New York City Police Department.
Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
"Among his (Obama's) pet projects is a bill ... which would commit the U.S. to spending 0.7 percent of gross national product on foreign aid."
Says that under President Obama, theres been a substantial increase in federal government jobs.
We have the second highest corporate tax rate among our trading partners.
Says $1,100 of the tuition paid by every Oregon university student annually goes just to pay the costs of PERS.
More than 32,000 Americans lose their lives to gun violence each year.
A bill to cap carbon emissions could cost Ohio 100,000 jobs.
I am the only candidate for lieutenant governor to oppose in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
When the Constitution was written, (only) 20 to 25 percent of the people in the country could vote.
Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes since taking office.
Says Obama flip-flopped on a gas-tax "holiday."
The Ukraine Orange Revolution in 2004 was the first color revolution.
Every month, another 50,000 U.S.-born Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote.
The health bill's plan for comparative effectiveness research would be used by the government to ration care.
We supported the first new nuclear power plant in three decades.
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion.
New carbon regulations will increase electric bills by $17 billion every year and potentially put an average of 224,000 more people out of work every year.
Qataris dont really work.
New Jersey has the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average.
We were one of the first states in the U.S. to build sewers, to bring the treatment plant on line.
Just on the issue of immigration alone, it is next to impossible to find a policy difference between (Donald) Trump and Congressman (Joe) Heck.
Says Rob Portman said the auto rescue was a lousy deal for Ohio.
"I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that."
Says property insurance rates are going up because Rick Scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance.
$500 billion of the extension of the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy goes to 120,000 families.
John McCain "said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."
Says Michelle Nunn is for amnesty.
The federal government only ordered BP to pay "to do one of those six segments" of sand barriers for Louisiana.
The recently passed transportation funding bill is a billion-dollar tax increase for Georgians.
Ron Klein sponsored an amendment that specifically allows price gouging.
Female students at UVA have a 20 percent chance of being sexually assaulted.
We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years.
Federal law requires that hospitals treat people whether or not they can pay. So someone (who) doesnt have health insurance -- they can go to the hospital and get free care.
China owns more of our bonds than do Americans.
NAFTA allows a lot of trucks from Mexico, for example, to leave there and ... drive straight through without even being inspected.
Says Barack Obama said black males are two times more likely to be shot by a law enforcement officer than white males and that is a lie because there is no data.
I said no to higher taxes and fees.
"Governor Palin is the most popular governor in the country."
"I'm pro-life. He's not."
Last year, there were an additional 81,000 pages of government regulations. If you stack that up, it would be a three-story building.
The largest number of gamblers are from the poorest segments of the population.
Says Gov. Rick Scott cut state funding for PBS.
Attorney general candidate Brad Schimel is in cahoots with Wisconsin Right to Life to make abortion a crime in Wisconsin.
The founders of New Hampshire came up with the motto Live Free or Die.
Economic Development Commission Executive Director Keith Stokes sent me a letter and he said the taxpayers will never be on the hook for these bonds for 38 Studios.
Bill McCollum explained his lack of action on mortgage fraud by saying, "You can't do everything."
The United States is behind many countries in Europe in terms of the ability of every kid in America to get ahead.
"The Alternative Minimum Tax...was created by Congress in 1969 to affect 155 wealthy Americans. Because it was never indexed for inflation, those original 155 taxpayers has increased to affect about 3.5-million in 2006."
New Jersey has lost over half of our pharmaceutical jobs to states you know, not low-tax states like in the South, but high-tax states like New York.
If the space-shuttle program is terminated, Russia and China will be the only nations ...with the capability to launch humans into space.
The Super Bowl has one of the highest levels of human sex trafficking activity of any event in the country.
Says the reforms in state Issue 2 will save taxpayer dollars
Says Scott Walker said he wouldnt touch the state civil service system but now supports overhauling it.
Says she couldn't take stimulus money because it required "universal building codes."
Senate Democrats have never held up a Supreme Court nomination.
Almost 10 percent of Canadians came to visit Florida last year ... (Canadians) buy 7.4 percent of our homes in the state.
Regarding the Iraq War, I was the one that said, Dont go, dont do it, youre going to destabilize the Middle East.
The Iran deal trusts the Iranians to inspect themselves.
We have more natural gas in this country than Saudi Arabia has oil.
Massachusetts is reporting a trend far below the national trend in the escalation of health-care costs in this year.
Initial efforts to strip airport contractors of their special diversity status has no effect on the contracts or the citys diversity goals.
More women were killed by their husbands or boyfriends since Sept. 11 than all the Americans who were killed by 9/11 or in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Social Security took seven years before anybody got the first check.
In most Muslim countries, We cant have a church. Were not able to build synagogues. Its forbidden.
Says Barack Obama told the U.S. Coast Guard Academy that the number one threat to the military and the world today is global warming.
Says award-winning Milwaukee Public Schools teacher Megan Sampson was laid off because Gov. Scott Walker cut state aid to education.
North Carolina spends $855 less per student than it did before the Great Recession, and we have one of the lowest per pupil spending levels in the nation.
The fact is 90-percent of Down Syndrome children were aborted in this country.
Over the past 35 years, Florida families have paid into the (National Flood Insurance Program) over $16 billion, four times more than the amount they have received in claim reimbursements.
Says President Barack Obama said when we got bin Laden, terrorism problem solved.
Paul Ryans budget keeps the Obamacare taxes and spending cuts that paid for Obamacare, but then cuts all of the benefits.
Agriculture contributes $71 billion to Georgias economy annually, making it the states largest industry.
If Gov. Romneys plan goes into effect the average senior would have to pay $460 a year more in tax for their Social Security.
Says Lloyd Doggett voted for the health care, stimulus and cap-and-trade bills.
On whether Barack Obama was born in the United States.
The merger of Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College will make GSU one of the largest universities in the nation, with more than 54,000 students.
Says Hillary Clinton savaged the dignity of people who accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment or assault and shamed them.
In Florida, we have the lowest in-state tuition of any state.
Despite touting the economic stimulus as a great triumph, "The very same report, however, notes that unemployment will average 10 percent for the rest of the year."
Pasco County has the second highest population of homeless in all of Florida.
Says his Twitter account has 1.3 million followers.
You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if youre a white applicant than if youre black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials.
"For six years, I served our community as a conservative state legislator. In every one of those years, I helped balance the state's budget."
The richest 1 percent of America will get a bigger tax cut through this bill than the family income of the average family here in Central Texas.
Says President Barack Obama gives students the right to repay (federal) loans as a clear, fixed, low percentage of their income for up to 20 years.
Since the beginning of the economic downturn in FY 2008, the state workforce has been reduced by 12.4 percent as part of overall cost savings measures to balance the budget to reduce revenues.
The United States already has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
Last year (the U.S. womens soccer team) generated $20 million more than the mens team and were paid almost four times less.
America is No. 1one in oil and gas.
Almost 95 percent of all (Planned Parenthood) pregnancy services were abortions.
There was no panhandling when I left office.
The Republican Party raffled off an AR-15 assault rifle at the 2010 Oregon State Fair.
During the 2005 fight over Social Security, there were noisy demonstrations but they were outside the events, and opponents were not disruptive crowds booed lines they didnt like, but that was about it.
"There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program."
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp is a "career politician."
We had 6,000 oil and gas spills in 2012 with more oil and gas spreading in the United States than the entire Exxon Valdez spill.
Says states that passed anti-illegal-immigrant legislation also had few Hispanic legislators.
Expanding Medicaid will worsen health care options for the most vulnerable among us in Texas.
We have unemployment that rivals the Great Depression.
"Sen. McCain would occupy Iraq indefinitely, against their wishes."
Since 2008, U.S. crude oil output has increased by over 80 percent, an increase of over 4 million barrels a day. That is the fastest increase in U.S. history.
The actual deportations from the interior of the country are way down under President Obama.
Says businesses already pay most of the taxes.
On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise the top rate to 44.8 percent.
Says Texas economy is about 30 percent larger than Australias.
Hair stylists are required to undergo more government scrutiny than foreclosure consultants.
Ninety percent of the people who work in this country work for companies under 100 people, maybe even less than that.
"Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance."
Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.
The Obama administrations cap-and-trade plan would create a $1,761 yearly energy tax.
Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out-of-pocket health care costs than men.
Says Hillary Clintons plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs.
Weve seen property taxes go down for the first time in 12 years on a median valued home.
Rhode Island is leading our nation in foreclosures.
President Obamas health-care law will add trillions of dollars in debt.
When these [undocumented] students graduate from college, theyre still illegal aliens. They cannot get a job.
Women receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises.
Says when I voted against [an increase in the minimum wage], it was in the 80s.
Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
Says President Barack Obama initially said the national health-care mandate isnt a tax, but his administration now says it is a tax.
The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused.
Says her representation of an ex-boyfriend who was then my friend in a family law case is something that lawyers do on a regular basis.
You dont know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s.
You cant pass a budget in the Senate of the United States without 60 votes.
Hillary Clinton advocates "a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."
Our pension system is the only one in the country thats 100 percent funded.
We have the lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977.
In 2010, everybody said you cant dare let guns go into the national parks, and of course the rapes, murders, robberies and assaults are down about 85 percent since we did that.
Newt Gingrich has been a proponent of selecting a president by popular vote instead of the Electoral College.
Barack Obama said "he's going to attack Pakistan and embrace (Iranian President Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad."
Every 1 percent increase in the number of Ohioans with bachelors degrees means economic activity growing the next year and for each year thereafter (by) $2.5 billion dollars.
Says, Since 1994 when VAWA was first passed, incidents of domestic violence have dropped more than 50 percent.
Says Gerald Daugherty is endorsed by the Austin American-Statesman.
Under Cuccinellis tax cut plan, school divisions across Virginia could be forced to fire over 8,000 teachers.
Rhode Island has invested less in tourism, economic development and economic development personnel than four nearby states.
Ninety percent of American workers dont own their own business.
The insurance industry is actually run by mostly Democrats.
Weve doubled our use of renewable energy.
Over the last 30 years, extreme poverty has been cut in half.
In 2009, his first year as mayor, Julin Castro received a seven-figure referral fee that smells like a dirty financial gift from notorious personal injury lawyer Mikal Watts, a major Obama donor.
House Republican plan would increase costs for Oregon seniors by $6,000 with health care vouchers instead of Medicare
"Our own National Security Agency says that (Iran's) nuclear ambitions are advancing, and at the same time ... we are slashing our own nuclear arsenal."
In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats got outspent in a Republican district.
Says a growing number of extremely premature babies survive into healthy childhood.
When mentioning Villanovas buzzer-beating win in the national championships, Hillary Clinton said: I love those come-from-behind victories.
Says as we sit right now, Medicare, if we do nothing, will be gone in eight years, if we do nothing to it.
Says Howard Zinn, an anti-American Marxist, wrote the most popular textbook thats taught in our high schools in America.
Says Harry Reid has a better voting attendance record than these three Congressmen!
We now have more jobs in solar than we do in oil.
ISIS is now the predominantIslamist group in Benghazi.
As many as a quarter of our students arent even finishing high school.
Rick Perry is taking money away from hurricane victims and diverting it to remodel the Governors Mansion.
Given how expansive our program already was, expanding Medicaid in New Jersey due to Obamacare was a relatively small expansion.
The reason why Cubans dont have access to 21st century telecommunications like smart phones, like access to the Internet is because it is illegal in Cuba.
50% of Hispanic students count on Pell Grants to pay for college.
On George Allens U.S. senate candidacy.
In 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market.
Justin Amash is rated Michigans No. 1 conservative by National Right to Life.
The Milwaukee County Boards staff grew from four workers to 38 over four decades and now costs taxpayers a lot more, while the total county workforce was more than cut in half in the same period.
Says President Barack Obama has launched twice as many strikes (on)countries that are predominantly Muslim than President George W. Bush.
Nine hundred people have been fired since I became secretary (of Veterans Affairs). Weve got 60 people that we fired who have manipulated wait times.
President Obamashealth care law is a government takeover of healthcare.
The Milwaukee County executive can sell the public museum, the airport and the zoo -- all on his own, without County Board approval
Sen. Obama wants to "enact the single largest tax increase since the Second World War."
In 2011, Carlos Lpez-Cantera staunchly supported a Florida bill modeled after Arizonas immigration law
Says that data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities suggest that the Texas budget gap is worse than New Yorks, about as bad as Californias, but not quite up to New Jersey levels.
Two-thirds of the people who receive the minimum wage are female.
Both McCain and Bush favor tax breaks for oil companies.
1 percent of candidates that (the National Rifle Association) endorsed in 2012 won.
Says Donald Trumps polling numbers show that hes the highest with Hispanics that any Republican has ever been.
Georgias unemployment rate has exceeded the national rate for 50 consecutive months.
On charging a toll for motorists to use Ga. 400 after it was slated to expire
"He made time to go to the gym, but canceled a visit with wounded troops. Seems the Pentagon wouldn't allow him to bring cameras."
Bruce Starr was the only senator to vote for stronger ethics laws and greater accountability.
People on potshoot each other ...stab each other ...strangle each other, drive under the influence, kill families.
Since taking office in January 2011, the rainy day fund has increased by 226 percent.
Says that as Providences mayor, David Cicilline said the city had a world-class school system. Not only did Providence not have a world-class school system but as measured, was amongst the last school system in the entire country.
Georgia crackdown on illegal immigration costs state farmers $400 million last year.
"Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves."
Ive shut down pill mills.
We defied the stand-down orders during the Benghazi attack.
About 30 percent of those released from Guantanamo have re-entered the fight.
Says his release of 33 years of tax returns is more than any presidential candidate in history.
I never proposed privatizing the (Milwaukee County) airport.
Before this day is out, 18 more veterans will have taken their own lives. That is the daily average, it is intolerable, and it has to stop.
The word progressive...was created as a substitute forcommunist.
(M)ore Georgians have jobs than at any other time since October 2008.
A Florida judge ruled parts of Obamacare unconstitutional.
When Standard Poors dropped our credit rating, what they said is, we dont have an ability to repay our debt. ... I was proved right in my position that the debt ceiling should not have been raised.
The House of Representatives just voted 300-131 to remove country-of-origin labeling on chicken, pork, and beef sold in the U.S.
The Chinese are there in Syria.
Says Sen. Rand Pauls 2011 budget included a big cut in the CDC.
Russia has more diversity in its governmental representation than we do in Texas.
DeWine took $1.9 million from big banks, supported legislation that helped Bernie Madoff make millions and protected predatory lenders while families lost their homes.
The U.S. would gainrevenue by cutting personal income tax rates in half and ending tax breaks.
Under Obamacare, Virginia taxpayers would have been forced to pay for abortions if the General Assembly had not recently intervened.
Says Patrick Murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund Zika.
"We had a No Child Left Behind a similar piece of legislation in our state a number of years ago, well before the federal law. And it's had a big impact here. It's improved schools."
Classified material has a header which says top-secret, secret, confidential. Nothing, and I will repeat this and this is verified in the report by the Department of Justice, none of the emails sent or received by me had such a header.
Were the seventh highest taxed state in America. And thats not just state, its local as well.
Says he predicts the weather better than Punxsutawney Phil.
Says stimulus money went to buy electric cars from Finland as a payback to Obama supporters.
Allen West called Social Security a Ponzi scheme and said this countrys got to get on sound footing by destroying it.
On eliminating the influence of money in policy campaigns
Says it wasnt until he and a Senate colleague were able to wrangle the actual streaming video from BP that scientists were able to calculate the oil spill flow.
A bag of Cheetos costs less to buy than an apple, and in some Milwaukee neighborhoods good luck trying to find an apple or a banana or some sort of healthy option
Under Virginia law, if you are a non-federally licensed (gun) dealer, you cannot get a background check even if you want one.
Says the GOP is helping pay for Justice Rebecca Bradleys campaign and she recently skipped court to attend an event paid for by Scott Walkers lobbyist friends.
Senator Webb was a reliable vote for President Obama and Senator Harry Reid.
Says he is the only candidate in the race for Clackamas County Chair who will refuse to join the Public Employees Retirement System.
92 million Americans arent working.
Homicides against blacks have tripled since Floridas stand your ground law has been in existence.
Says Donald Trump is the first person running for president, Republican or Democrat, who refused to say that he would respect the results of this election.
The downsizing of Pinellas County government resulted in about 1,200 people being laid off in a 12 percent unemployment market. I can tell you that every one of them was hired from the time that Ms. Latvala went into office in 2000.
Says Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell voted for a toll lane on MoPac.
"In the last 10 years we've only had 7,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Gulf ... not counting hurricanes. This well is spewing that amount every day and a half."
Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare.
About 40 percent of workers dont ... have a single paid sick day.
Ill be the only economist in the (U.S.) House.
Al-Qaida operatives, have said, Hey, we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.
Estimates say individuals who escaped these high tax states have taken with them around $2 trillion in adjusted gross income.
Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich got lucky with a thing called fracking, which is why Ohio is doing well.
James Langevin has received almost $20 million from taxpayers and special interests to use at his own discretion to supposedly champion Rhode Islands needs.
The Associated Press called Charlie Crist's attacks "over the top," "out of context," and "not true."
Were the only major oil-producing nation in the world with a self-imposed ban on exporting our crude oil to other nations.
Says 7,000 millionaires gamed the system to pay no income taxes.
Says Barack Obama grew up in Kenya.
90 percent of babies with Down syndrome are aborted.
Says Steve Jobs was responsible for creating more jobs than the stimulus bill.
Says that you cant destroy the guns purchased in a (gun) buyback program as the city (of Memphis) wants to do.
Taxpayers pay for roughly 45 percent of all births in Wisconsin! And 60 percent of the births in Milwaukee!!!
New provisions of the health care law bar the use offlexible spending accounts and health savings accounts to pay for aspirin and other non-prescription health needs.
The Baucus health care bill would require taxes on medical devices such as X-ray machines, female condoms, HIV tests and surgical needles.
Says Patrick Murphy hasnt passed a single bill out of committee.
Wisconsin lost more jobs over the past 12 months than any other state.
No fracking waste is being dumped in New York State
We have the best schools in the United States.
Taxpayers earning $1 million pay an effective tax rate that is about four times what taxpayers earning $100,000 pay.
Health proposal would create a "40% tax on health care benefits of middle-class workers."
Since January 2015, the majority of our Austin City Council meetings have extended past 10 p.m. and many of our meetings have gone past midnight.
Under the Democratic health plan, families will be forced to spend an additional $2,100 a year to keep their current health care.
Says Greg Abbott has lost in court four times in just the past few days.
So many people were critical of Secretary (John) Kerry going to Paris and talking with Hamas, because Kerry was seen as supporting Hamas to the exclusion of the Arab League.
Its been 4 and a half years since the United States Senate passed a budget.
The Republicans' alternative health care plan "will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages."
One out of every two kids who are graduating college right now cant find a job.
The CBO now says the presidents health care law will cut the number of full-time jobs in the United States by 2.3 million by 2021.
We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush.
In discussing the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya,Ms. Rice did say a terrorist attack. Its not that she put the whole thing on the video.
By the time she turns 3 years old, a child born into a low-income home hears 30 million fewer words than a child from a well-off family.
Says when he was governor, Wisconsin cut unemployment to 2.1 percent and the states unemployment rate was the lowest in the country for 40 consecutive months.
13,000 Floridians are able to vote -- but their governor wont tell them.
Woodrow Wilson borrowed $30 billion to fund World War I in 1917. That money has not been paid back. And we are still paying interest on it.
Says credit rating agencies realize that our instability stems in large part from Oregons kicker system.
More than 1.5 million people moved into Georgia between the past two Census counts, and a majority consider themselves, African-American, Latino or Asian-American.
Says under the Romney-Ryan budget ... the American Opportunity Tax Credit for college tuition would be eliminated.
The higher the education level, the more likely they are to vote Democratic.
Says U.S. greenhouse gas emissions are at 20-year lows.
According to independent experts, Donald Trumps tax plan would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy.
Democrats do not have a plan for extending the Bush tax cuts.
Then-Gov. Carl Sanders put 56 percent of the state budget into education, a figure that has not been achieved since.
Says President Barack Obama has lost more members of the House and more members of the Senate than any president ever has lost in modern times.
Says the federal government is the largest energy user in the country.
Georgia has the highest flu activity in the country.
Says one in four women and one in seven men have been victims of domestic violence in their lifetime.
Says that Romney touted the Massachusetts health plan for the nation in his hardcover book but then deleted it for the paperback edition.
The auditor [for the city of Providence] was not locked out of access to the citys finances.
The Obama Administration is suing a Wisconsin company for forcing employees to speak English.
The United States has 10,000 IRS agents making sure that you dont take an improper charity deduction, but to fight terrorism, it has less than two dozen people focusing on countering violent extremism at home.
A Paul Ryan-Scott Walker (or Scott Walker-Paul Ryan) ticket for the White House in 2016 would be unconstitutional because both men live in Wisconsin.
One out of every three students currently today is ready for college before they go there.
Todays marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear.
"In just one month, the Democrats have spent more than President Bush spent in seven years on the war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan and Hurricane Katrina combined."
Texas women make an average of $8,355 less per year than men doing the very same job.
Not a single segment of the proposed Beltline intersects the MARTA system at MARTA stations.
Wisconsin is below the national average in wage growth and job growth.
Roughly 500,000 Georgians -- or about 5 percent of the states residents -- have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia weapons carry license.
Under Scott Walker, right now, were 46th in the country in terms of new businesses started.
Says Sen. Luther Olsen, his recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors with no oversight.
We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs, they give up, and all of a sudden, statistically, theyre considered employed.
Of the 25 wealthiest nations, were the only one that doesnt provide basic health coverage.
Says Romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal.
No other public or private business in America except for the U.S. Postal Service must fund 100 percent of employee retirement and retirement health costs in advance.
The most significant driver of out-migration [from Rhode Island] is the estate tax.
Congress is on vacation.
Scott Walkers school-aid cuts were so devastating that students are without chairs and a government survey found 47 kids in a classroom.
Says Attorney General Eric Holder recently revealed this idea to have government have gun owners wear special bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner.
Ed Schultz said Alan Grayson is what its all about.
AIG said they were giving $57 million (in retention payments) to people who were being terminated.
New York State has been horribly, horribly hurt by NAFTA
"For every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs $20,000 it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about $10,000 in taxes."
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
The CNBC debate was supposed to be three hours, and he renegotiated it down to two hours.
McDonalds workers in Denmark have a union. Earn $45,000/year.
Since 2009, weve cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third.
We have no idea what is contained in [electronic cigarette] vapor.
Says new estimates from the Congressional Budget Office conclude the final price-tag for the health care law will exceed $2 trillion more than double what was initially reported.
SaysRuben Kihuen only managed in the minority to get one bill passed out of the eight to 10 he introduced during the 2015 legislative session.
Says President Barack Obama revealed in his State of the Union address that he now is against earmarks.
There are polls showing right now that the American people for the most part think its a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy.
Says he did not vote for Nancy Pelosi for speaker of the House.
Unions did not create the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. Henry Ford did.
"Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all."
As a percentage of our gross domestic product, the defense budget remains just 3.6 percent. This figure is low by all historical standards.
Last year, we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years.
Says America spends over 17 percent of its GDP on health care costs when our closest competitor nations are spending about 12.
Connecticuts take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the states take on table games: zero.
Bill Lynch told three lies in ten seconds
Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke has deputies collecting overtime while sitting passively in chairs watching courthouse security personnel work.
"Sen. Obama has been to Iraq once."
Unemployment has been on the rise throughout Wisconsin as Paul Ryan stepped up his advocacy of immigration increases.
Says Donald Trump was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said back in 2006, Gee, I hope it does collapse because then I can go in and buy some and make some money.
The money the Clinton Foundation took from from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state is clearly illegal. The Constitution says you cant take this stuff.
"Dodd brought both parties together to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act."
Planned Parenthood raked in more than $300 million in profits over the past four years.
Mitt Romney has 15 homes.
Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay, living longer on average, and facing less income inequality.
The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined.
In Sauk City, Wisconsin, the ID office that provides identification for voting is only open on the fifth Wednesday of every month -- a total of four days in 2016.
Nevada has been recently ranked No. 1 in unemployment, foreclosures, violent crime, personal bankruptcy and divorce.
Republican candidate for Georgia governor dabbled in birther conspiracy theories.
Says New Jersey has gained 143,000 new private-sector jobs.
Prince William County has cut violent crime in half since instituting a crackdown on illegal immigration.
I dont think Ive ever hired an illegal in my life.
Says the Portland Childrens Levy holds its administrative expenses to less than 5 percent.
George Allen voted to end Pell Grants for 84,000 students.
Amajority of the men and women on this stage have previously and publicly embraced amnesty. I am the only candidate on this stage who has never supportedamnesty.
We went from $160 billion deficit spending in (President George W.) Bushs last year to $1.6 trillion the following year.
A proposed mine in Wisconsin is about two-thirds the size of Lake Winnebago.
A bill supported by Gov. Scott Walker makes it so that drunk drivers who kill have an easier time of it.
There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period.
[State Rep. Doug McKillips] donors deserve a refund.
SaysPresident Obama is using executive actions to impose gun control on the nation, targeting the top-selling rifle in the country ... with a ban on one of the most-used assault rifle bullets.
Without U.S. Senate action, Texas will have more federal judicial vacancies this year than any other state.
On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
Gonzales losing campaign against me last spring was funded with more than $1 million from supporters and allies of Governor Bruce Rauner.
Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined.
There are 3.6 million jobs sitting vacant, in part because there arent enough qualified applicants to fill them.
Obama unilaterally announced he was delaying employer mandate through a blog post by a mid-level bureaucrat at the Department of Treasury.
Say Bernie Sanders won Nevada after all.
Because of (U.S. Sen.-elect Ron) Johnsons leadership, Senate Republicans adopted a caucus ban on earmarks.
Says Donald Trump is going to go out and carpet bomb the Middle East.
Most Americans want traditional marriage, as defined by the Defense of Marriage Act.
"We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years."
"We spent approximately $20-billion of that money on pork barrel, earmark projects. Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges across the country."
"Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East."
NAFTA, supported by the Secretary (Clinton), cost us 800,000 jobs nationwide.
Democratic Reps. Cicilline, Boswell, Carnahan and Critz demanded that Congress vote to increase the nations debt limit without making any spending cuts.
Last year, I was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay raise in more than 10 years.
Ive either balanced every budget or we turned back a surplus.
One Texas city has a law that says that women can only have six dildos.
The Florida Legislature has not filed a lawsuit to fight Amendments 5 and 6.
When you look at the number of crashes before the cameras were installed compared to after, theyre virtually the same.
Our median income here in Providence is the same as the median income in Mississippi.
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison voted to continue Roe v. Wade.
Paul Ryans Medicare plan provides pretty much the same coverage that members of Congress receive.
We do not have an overcrowding problem. As a matter of fact, Rhode Island has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the country.
Says Rep. Jim Renacci was trying to leave town for the holidays without extending your payroll tax cut.
Rather than work to secure the border, (Marco Rubio) supported Obamas amnesty plan for illegal immigrants.
Says Hillary Clinton gave up 20 percent of Americas uranium supply to Russia.
Fifty years ago, the average GM employee could pay for a year of a son or daughters college tuition on just two weeks wages.
On average, college students are taking six years to get a four-year degree.
In the state of Rhode Island 25 percent of our current physicians are graduates of for-profit medical schools.
Medicare will be bankrupt in nine years.
If the Supreme Court throws out the federal health care law, it would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress.
"I opposed this war from the beginning. I opposed the war in 2002. I opposed the war in 2003. I opposed it in 2004 and 2005 and 2006."
Says the State Department spent $630,000 to get 2 million Facebook Likes.
I had the longest judicial vacancy in the history of the United States.
Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed reduction in university spending is about the size of the one under Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle, but Democrats didnt treat Doyles cut as so dire.
The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks.
Republican challenger Bill Flores "has never once voted in a general election in our district."
Hillary Clintons international travels included no serious diplomacy.
Says that when he first ran for office in the late 1980s, there were still folks who didnt have phone service. Soon Id helped ensure that everyone in North Florida could access a dial tone.
Says the high-speed rail project provides short-term jobs.
Polls showHillary Clinton wins every time with Donald Trump as her opponent.
Says Peter Kilmartin has only three years experience in his own law practice.
As a legislator, (Marco Rubio) flipped on a key vote after making a quick $200,000 from selling the house to the mother of the bills lobbyist.
Says Daniel Webster thinks wives should submit to their husbands.
Says he fought for the repeal of a septic tank inspection program after Tallahassee pulled a fast one.
One-hundred times as many people worked their way from poverty into the American middle class during his presidency compared to Ronald Reagans presidency.
Scott Walker has given a $10,000 tax deduction to millionaires who send their kids to exclusive private schools.
Sheldon Whitehouse and 18 other senators voted to censor the internet.
We have a $2 trillion to $3 trillion infrastructure deficit. Weve got work that needs to get done. Weve got people that want to go to work.
Jobs that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce.
I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq), and yes, even before the war ever started.
The City of Milwaukee uses the building inspection area as a revenue base.
The cost ofa gas tank fill-up has risen$30 sinceBarack Obama became president.
College tuition costs have risen by 25 percent under the Democrats.
Says Donald Trumps position isto roll back all of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis.
Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget roadmap doesnt balance the budget until the 2060s and adds an unthinkable $62 trillion to the national debt between now and then.
We have the highest funding in (the) K-12 system in the history of the state.
In June, jobless ranks were higher in nearly 90 percent of U.S. cities.
"We could save all the oil that they're talking about getting off drilling, if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups."
In the past three years, state legislatures have enacted more of these restrictions (on abortion) than in the previous 10 years combined.
EPA wants to regulate the family BBQ.
"He (Obama) has done several things well. Most of those things are places where he changed his view from where he had during the campaign. So, for instance, he's left our troops in Iraq and they're being more successful there. He boosted our effort in Afghanistan, which is the right course to take. He did not close Guantanamo, thank heavens."
In Senate Bill 5, there is this new method of evaluating teachers. Youre also going to be rated on what the parents think of you and they can send questionnaires and surveys home to parents.
Says that while President Barack Obama promised to work with your employer to lower your premiums by $2,500 per family per year, his health care law raises premiums in the individual market by $2,100 per family.
Obama says Clinton in 2002 suggested there was a connection between al-Qaida and the Iraqi government.
"(Ronald Reagan) raised taxes a billion dollars in his first year as governor of California."
Our businesses have created jobs every single month since (Obamacare) became law.
Says Bernie Sanders voted for regime change with respect to Libya.
If you ask how many times did Ronald Reagan attend a fundraiser when he ran for re-election in 1984, the answer is eight times. If you say how many times did Barack Obama attend a fundraiser in 2012, the answer is 228 times.
Democrats failed to flip the Wisconsin state Senate because recall elections were in the deepest red districts in the state.
TheHousebudget plan proposes the largest discretionary spending cut in history.
Ted Cruz is unknown to the vast majority of Texans.
When news broke that Ferguson 18-year-old Michael Brown was a suspect in a robbery, MSNBC practically went off the air for a while to have behind-closed-doors meetings to figure out how to deal with this new revelation.
Congressional Budget Office says 8 (percent) unemployment till 2014!
Says top Clinton advisers were pressing birther movement stories very hard.
Walmart employees receive roughly $5,800 in public assistance per year.
My position hasnt changed on using executive authority to address immigration issues.
Protesters in La Crosse blocked an exit and surrounded a State Patrol car carrying the governor and were beating on the windows and rocking the vehicle. When the car was extricated from the crowd, a truck blocked a second exit.
Oregon schools receive millions of dollars per year in federal school lunch assistance and yet they are required to spend that money almost anywhere but Oregon.
Almost half a million people are still eligible (for DACA), particularly in the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community.
Dan Gelbers employment by BPs law firm could disqualify him from representing Florida against BP as Attorney General.
The congressional district for Miami-Dade and Broward counties has a staggering drop-out rate of almost 61 percent.
I was never against same-sex marriage.
Bill Gunter would drain millions from local public schools, and give our tax dollars to private, for-profit schools run by out-of-state corporations.
Says Hillary Clintons rejection of efforts to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat not only defies logic, but the will of the majority of Americans.
Every time weve cut taxes, revenues have gone up, the economy has grown.
Says state Rep. Diana Maldonado of Round Rock uses Craigslist to hire campaign block walkers.
Says that President Barack Obama said an attack on Syria was going to be a pinprick.
Common welfare programs give income of $43,330 or $20.83 an hour.
Senate Bill 5 makes it harder for nurses to give the patients the quality care they need.
A public option for health care would end private insurance because the private insurance people will not be able to compete with a government option.
Says Donald Trump saidas recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation.
Says Jeb Bush appointed a guardian for the fetus of a rape survivor.
Thanks to actions by the Milwaukee County Board on the 2013 budget, the amount of county taxes on the average home in the city of Milwaukee would be a $19 decrease.
The Pell bridge is a tourism bridge essentially and not a commuter bridge.
Says a portfolio managed by the Texas General Land Office earned 22 percent last year while the states emergency reserve account experienced a 1 percent gain.
Says Colorado food stamp recipients can use ATMs to get cash to buy marijuana.
When Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid were created, Republicans stood on the sidelines
Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young African American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined.
"Hillary interned with Bob Treuhaft, the head of the California Communist Party."
Across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it.
Says employers are still allowed to pay people with disabilities below the minimum wage.
Kendrick Meek was named one of the two most corrupt Democrats in Congress by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
Says using E-Verify is a fair amount of cost, about $20 per person that does not match.
There is a growing body of evidence that radiation in excess of what the government says are the minimum amounts you should be exposed to are actually good for you and reduce cases of cancer.
Women in the United States are paid about 70 percent of what men earn for the same work.
In New Jersey, Gov. Christie vetoed legislation to extend early voting.
Were the most highly taxed nation in the world.
Says federal regulations adopted in 2011 increased the cost of each vehicle for his business by $10,000.
Even if you took literally every single ounce of platinum in the world, it still wouldnt add up to enough needed to pay down our nations debt.
Says under Oregon law, girls from 15 years of age and up are given complete control over whether to be sterilized or not.
The Justice Departments Fast and Furious gun-walking program started in the Bush administration.
Says one of Austin City Council Member Randi Shades biggest contributors is the lobbyist for the Formula 1 racetrack planned outside Austin.
As unbelievable as it sounds, your tax dollars are funding the federal governments Zombie Apocalypse Plan. I kid you not.
Rob Portman is the one who actually sucked the jobs out of the (Mahoning) Valley and sent them to China.
Says former Sen. George Allen voted four times to raise his own pay.
Eighty-seven percent of private insurance plans currently include (abortion) coverage.
Rhode Island has the second highest per enrollee (Medicaid) cost of any state in the country, which is 60 percent higher than the national average.
One estimate says there may be three times as much oil in the United States as there is in Saudi Arabia.
Says he fought Obama at the Supreme Court and won.
Says actor Dwayne The Rock Johnson wore a T-shirt stating: We Stand for the flag, we kneel for the fallen.
Tim Kaine supported higher energy costs for families.
Ending federal funding for National Public Radio would jeopardize 9,000 jobs.
Says Florida refused to allow theinsurance commissioner to negotiate lower rates with companies or refuse rates that are too high under Obamacare.
Rick Scott has said that he would do away with the Department of Community Affairs.
Oregons Umpqua Community College where the shooting occurred was a gun-free zone.
Georgias CRCT set some of the lowest expectations for student proficiency in the nation.
He's been endorsed by "every major newspaper here in the state of Texas."
The House of Representatives does not have a prochoice majority.
To give a sense of how families are struggling, a record four out of every 10 school kids in Ohio now qualifies for subsidized lunch.
Says Obama puts 15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in charge of Medicare, who are required to cut Medicare ... that will lead to denied care for current seniors.
President Barack Obama has now spent three years proving that he kills jobs in energy, he kills jobs in manufacturing.
Florida is the largest dog-racing state in the country.
We cut our deficits by more than half.
Says Sen. Ted Cruz used to be in favor of birthright citizenship but is now against it.
40,000 veterans in Texas wont get health care because Perry rejected Obamacares Medicaid expansion.
U.S. unemployment among people ages 16 to 24 is 18.4 percent, which is a 60-year high.
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson voted to let oil and gas companies emit unlimited carbon pollution into our air
What do Rutgers University, Kean University, Montclair State University, New Jersey City University, Stockton College, Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years.
Opponent Holly Benson said that Just because youre poor doesnt mean youre unhealthy, it just means you have a lot more time to go running.
Most of the people who have signed up through the Obamacare exchanges already had insurance.
Says a change in law he carried stopped a $100 million tax increase in the Dallas school district.
Weve recovered (from the recession) faster and come farther than almost any other advanced country on Earth.
Jeff Greene on why hewent Cuba.
The average (public school) teacher in Wisconsins making $89,000 a year in salary and benefits.
(Chris Christie) has not paid one dollar of state money into our pension system, and then states that the system is broke.
States have cumulatively cut over $1.8 billion from their mental health services between 2009 and 2011. This is the largest reduction in state mental health services in half a century.
Under Republican Chris Christie, New Jersey had the highest increase in unemployment in the country last year. Nearly 1 in 10 jobless. The worst unemployment in the region. Near the bottom in economic growth, yet Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires but vetoed a minimum wage hike.
We spent twice as much per capita for health care in this country as the next closest nation.
Currently it costs more than a penny for the U.S. Mint to make a one cent coin and more than a nickel to make the five cent piece.
On the day the House voted on the climate change bill, there was not even a copy of the bill in the well of the House, which is standard. It wasnt even written.
Says Hillary Clinton makes more per hour at a speaking gig than the average CEO does in a year.
Says Every time the Legislature suspended the kicker, most recently the corporate kicker in 2007, Salem spent every penny and failed to stabilize the states revenues.
Wisconsin ranks No. 2 in economic growth, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.
Says he never voted for a tax increase.
The Atlanta areas water planning district is now the national leader in conservation.
The state of Wisconsin pays plumbers, engineers and other attorneys much, much more than it pays attorneys to represent poor people.
Says Peyton Manning struggles in cold weather games.
Under President Bush in eight years, we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama, weve added $5.3 trillion to the debt in the 3.5 years hes been in office.
Gov. Rick Scotts sale of the state planes was not proper.
The health care law is job killing.
Weve seen a remarkable reduction in the number of Americans being executed -- its down nearly two-thirds over the past generation.
Outside of recall elections, theres never been a public official removed from office in Wisconsin for anything but malfeasance in office.
Half of all Americans have less than $10,000 in their savings account.
Says theres no language in the U.S. Constitution that prevents someone from running for Congress simultaneously in multiple states.
The United States is 50th in life expectancy in the world.
Ebola is incredibly contagious, very transmissible and easy to catch.
In 2010, Betty Sutton voted to destroy Medicare.
Travis County residents trusted me to take on Tom DeLay and we won.
The turnout on May 14th was just 7 percent -- the lowest turnout in decades.
Eric Cantor voted to fully fund Obamacare in October.
The fiscal cliff agreement was the largest tax increase in history.
On the mosque near ground zero.
Obama "has no experience or background at all in national security affairs."
Jim Marshall votes liberal in Washington ... and we arent fooled.
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs lied when he said President Obamas birth certificate is posted on the Internet.
A provision in the health care reform bill for end-of-life counseling for seniors is not entirely voluntary.
When McCain was questioned about hiring lobbyists to his campaign staff, "his top lobbyist actually had the nerve to say, 'The American people won't care about this.' "
I was speaking out on pension reform almost 17 years ago.
Three of our cities are among the top five worst cities in the U.S. for asthma.
The labor participation rate is at an all-time low.
Mike Huckabee "supported taxpayer-funded scholarships for illegal aliens."
For every 33 pregnant women that walk into a Planned Parenthood clinic, 32 receive an abortion.
Virginia spends $400,000 on abstinence programs while losing $2.5 million in federal funds due to Gov. Bob McDonnells political agenda.
Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured Americanscan get health insurance for what may be the equivalent of your cell phone bill.
Cranstons 2014-2015 budget funds 100 percent of the local police and fire pension and other retiree benefit costs.
Says the 2014-15 state budget cut border security and funding to fight criminal gangs.
Says Democratic Party created the Ku Klux Klan.
Says Roy Blunt secretly inserts language to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris into a national security bill while Blunts girlfriend and son are lobbyists for the cigarette company, and just days earlier, 26 Philip Morris executives wrote checks to Blunt totaling $23,000.
Says Donald Trump mocked someone with a disability.
Bill Heller raises taxes. Property taxes. Small business taxes. He even wants to tax the Internet. Mr. Heller said no to balancing the federal budget, that puts more debt on our kids.
Says the state auditor found that 37 percent of the 428,000 students receiving free and reduced-price lunches are ineligible.
[My administration is] well represented both racially, ethnically and gender-wise.
"President Obama campaigned on a promise to put reproductive health care at the center of his reform plan."
The House of Representatives has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history.
Only five Texas counties account for almost 90 percent of the (states) cattle industry.
Oregons budget has grown by 49 percent in just four years.
Says Matt Bevin has repeatedly failed to pay his taxes.
California Republican gubernatorial hopeful Meg Whitman "contributed to, and campaigned, for" Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer.
Says a Justice Department memo directs that you must openly embrace gay marriage and homosexuality.
Kasichs trade deals cost Ohio thousands of jobs - 49,000 jobs to Mexico, 91,000 to China.
Says with Jon Corzine, its the first time, I think, in history where a former Senator has been subpoenaed to testify before his former colleagues.
Tuition-free public universities and colleges are just a pipe dream. False. They were both free up until the Vietnam War.
Pat Toomey thinks corporations shouldnt pay any taxes.
Theres never been a direct Supreme Court case on people who were here illegally, whether or not their kids are citizens.
Some 8.1 million of the estimated 11 million to 12 million people in this country illegally are working.
Traditionally, presidential candidates release their tax returns . . . Mitt Romney still wont.
Says he never supported federal health care individual mandate.
In 1940, only 7 percentof Germans were Nazis.
Just 400 Americans -- 400 -- have more wealth than half of all Americans combined.
Says president is spending $2.2 billion to give away ObamaPhones.
Says Obama has failed to pass a budget.
Did you know Wisconsins AFSCME union has lost 50%+ of its members since no longer requiring membership?
Says Joe Sestak voted to gut Medicare ... reducing benefits for 854,489 seniors and jeopardizing access to care for millions.
Democratic tax hikes led $70 billion of wealth to leave New Jersey between 2004 and 2008, and mainly relocate to Florida, North Carolina, Virginia and Pennsylvania.
Says Florida had five sanctuary cities while Jeb Bush was governor.
Cover Florida "is available to any Floridian, offering basic coverage for about $150 a month, instead of the typical $600 a month."
On timing of announcement for president.
In 1976, the first year that Pell Grants were fully funded, a full Pell Grant paid 72 percent of the cost of attendance at a typical four-year public college. Today, a full Pell Grant covers just 34 percent of those costs.
We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election.
In Buffalos SolarCity project, Andrew Cuomo will create maybe 500 jobs if it ever happens at all, at about $1.5 million per job.
Obama said his proposed $1,000 emergency energy rebate "will be enough to offset the increased cost of gas for a working family over the next 4 months."
Says fewer than 30 percent of Texas college students graduate in four years and only 58 percent graduate within six years.
In states where beer is unregulated, the per capita production is significantly higher.
Says Mitt Romney told university students in Ohio that to start a business, they should borrow money if you have to from your parents.
Says Donald Trump never said that more nations should get nuclear weapons.
Rick Scott wants to take us back to the days of insurance companies denying coverage for pre-existing conditions.
Says Hillary Clinton laid the groundwork for getting chemical weapons out of Syria.
Newt Gingrich teamed with Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore on global warming.
The Senate immigration bill unleashes a massive increase in overall immigration. Were talking about a population increase under the Senate bill of over 70 million people in 20 years.
Says he will pursue change in federal law to protect employees from extortion from a union because the Supreme Court has ruled that federal prohibitions outlawing extortion usually do not apply to unions.
Obama "shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them for their service."
Weve had the same leadership in the Travis County DAs office for 30 years.
Do you know that we have pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood? Im not joking.
Mitt Romney says class sizes dont matter.
Roy Barnes voted against a bill in the state Senate that would have made it easier to convict child abusers.
Many just call him Lyin Ted. ... HisTV ad about John Kasich? Lie! Stations had to pull it off the air.
We created a flat tax in the state of Utah.
The White House has "refused" international help in dealing with the oil spill.
Says personal-injury trial lawyers have provided over 80 percent of the funding for the Texas Democratic Party for over a decade.
The governor does not have any power to veto a referendum [on same-sex marriage] that would be a constitutional amendment.
Roy Barnes is part of the team that has run up trillions of dollars in debt that Americans will spend years paying off, and theyve done it without creating one job.
My office sends federal money back every year.
We have over 25 million people who live in Texas and less than 2 percent of them have concealed handgun licenses.
Says budget savings by reducing pay and benefits for federal employees total $103 billion over 10 years -- more than $50,000 per worker.
Says hes the first Aggie governor of Texas.
On using Gov. Scott Walkers collective-bargaining limits to help balance the city of Milwaukee budget
Daniel Webster is an advocate for a group that teaches that mothers should not work outside the home.
Says New Jerseys public school students have the best Advanced Placement scores in the nation.
The citys 30 percent set aside for affordable housing in urban renewal areas is calculated citywide -- not district by district
$65 million from ABC privatization will not pay for even an overpass in Tysons Corner.
This is the first time since Roe was decided in 1973 that a court has granted personhood status to the preborn.
Says Republican candidates in Oregon are advocating violence against gays.
"We only have 2 percent of the oil reserves in the world, and we consume 25 percent of the world's oil on a daily basis."
The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy.
Dave Aronbergs career legal experience is less than two years as Asst. AG/private attorney.
Says theres a 100-year-old international norm not to use chemical weapons.
Gains in Atlanta Public Schools scores on a national standardized test lend credence to dramatic score increases on state tests.
On signing a no-tax pledge
Says the number-one source of illegal immigration is people legally coming to the United States on a tourist visa or a student visa and then disappearing into the population and never being heard from again.
Says al Qaeda has camps with the drug cartels in Mexico.
Romneycare sent costs spiraling out of control in Massachusetts, hiking premiums, squeezing household budgets.
Seneca Jones Timber Co., aiming to increase logging and allay fears that old growth will be cut, says mills have shifted to second-generation trees. An ad from the company asks: Do you know that most all mills in Oregon have retooled over the past 20 years?
Members of Congress passed a pay raise for themselves of $10,000 over two years even as they voted not to raise Social Security benefits for 2010 and 2011.
Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed budget would sell off Wisconsins state parks.
Says the Texas unemployment rate has even grown more than the nations as a whole.
The chairman of the party of Florida, who is an avid and outward supporter of Marco Rubio, gets to appoint 30 of those delegates.
"She said, you know, 'I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass.' That was a quote on live TV."
The U.S. initially had three federal felonies: treason, piracy, and counterfeiting securities and money.
On sharing power with Republicans
Women (are) paid 77 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men.
Says Georgia ranks near the bottom in per capita transportation spending.
Says allegations that he made unwanted sexual advances on a female sheriffs deputy were found by two separate judges to not have merit.
The more than $800,000 raised by the Alan Grayson campaign last quarter was "#1 among all 435 members of the U.S. House of Representatives."
The Koch brothers are the richest people in the world. Individually, theyre only fifth. Put them together theyre the richest in the world.
Shows in a television ad that police took evidence fromSolantic, Rick Scotts new health care company, after allegations emerged that the company was engaging in fraud.
Mexican government officials hand out brochures showing individuals how they can avoid our Border Patrol, how they can get into our country.
Says Gov. Rick Perry failed to involve border sheriffs in developing plans to prevent violence in their communities.
When Social Security started, age expectancy for the average man was 58. It was 62 -- 62 for women.
Wisconsin was the first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise capital gains taxes, which apply to home sales.
Under Rick Scott, homeowners are paying higher (home insurance) premiums for less coverage.
For the first time in history, (Thors) hammer is being held by a woman.
Three or four countries out of roughly 60 in the anti-ISIS coalition are providing military force.
(Koch Industries) is among the worst in toxic air pollution in the entire United States ... and churns out more climate-changing greenhouse gases than oil giants Chevron, Shell and Valero.
From 2000 to 2008, we averaged about five mass shootings a year. Were now averaging 15. So thats a three-fold increase.
Lloyd Doggett made millions off companies like Bank of America while they took taxpayer bailout money.
Residents could have received nearly $48M for Local Schools, Fire District, Sheriffs Dept. and Social Services.
Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates.
61 percent of non-tea party Republicans actually agree...there is solid evidence the earth is warming, ...[but] 70 percent of tea partiers, contrarily, say there is no solid evidence the earth is warming.
Says Romney wants to take away early childhood education, slash K-12 funding, and cut college aid to pay for a $250,000 tax break for multi-millionaires.
Says President Barack Obama came into office very concerned about wiretappings but then he became president of the United States, he got all the briefings (and) he decided the balance is probably pretty appropriately struck.
This year President Obama canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the ruse of not wanting to offend anyone.BUT on September 25, 2009 from 4 AM until 7 PM, a National Day of Prayer FOR THE MUSLIM RELIGION was HELD on Capitol Hill, Beside the White House.
The Tax Foundation figures Rhode Island as the 10th highest state for state and local tax burden per capita in the country. Were the 6th worst in the country for the business tax index. Were the 3rd highest per capita in the country for all taxes.
Rhode Island has a [inmate] recidivism rate of over 60 percent.
Says former Clinton budget director Alice Rivlin said the stimulus bill "won't actually stimulate the economy."
On support for the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare).
"Kendrick Meek is the only candidate who has consistently been against expanded drilling."
The total unemployment rate for Hispanic or Latino workers has increased from 10% to 10.3% between January 2009 and March 2012.
Says in the governors proposed budget the use of that, what is called one-shots, is a 500 percent increase over the last Corzine budget.
On Tim Kaine: In exchange for campaign contributions, he appointed a radical jihadi to the Virginia Immigration Commission.
We are experiencing the worst economic recovery America has ever had.
When we look at the number of murders in the United States (in) 2009, we had 9,500 people murdered. When we look around the world, we see ... large countries, the U.K., Germany, Japan had 200 or less killed in a year.
The growth in health care costs has been reined in through the Affordable Care Act.
We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years.
Says hes proposed the largest employer contribution to the Virginia Retirement System in history.
While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises.
"A number of the national publications have put this race in a tossup race between Democrats and Republicans. They don't know who's going to win this race."
Says New Jerseys job growth in May represents 25 percent of all the jobs created in the country.
"President Obama's bill won't bring down the costs (of health care) for average Americans -- or really for very few Americans, if any."
The United States has more of our people in prison than Russia, China, and North Korea combined.
Louie Gohmert of Texas blamed the mass shooting at a movie theater in Colorado on the ongoing attacks on Judeo-Christian beliefs.
A trade war is something very different (than curbing new trade agreements). We went down that road in the 1930s. It made the Great Depression longer and more painful.
Taxes went down under Jerry Brown.
China is practicing how to blow up our satellites.
A lot of the problems with forest fires ...is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists.
The Americans for Tax Reform pledge relates to new taxes that were going to be initiated by legislative action.
Bernie Sanders opposes the death penalty, and Hillary Clinton supports it.
Palin supports "aerial hunting of wolves and other wildlife."
Women make only 78 percent of what men make for the same job.
It has been 269 days since (Hillary) Clinton has held a press conference.
Says he was the first local official to endorse Barack Obama
About $4.89 billion in one-time money was used to balance the current state general revenue fund budget.
Says that under President John F. Kennedy, government took up 27 percent of the economy, and today it consumes 37 percent.
President Obama has stopped using the phrase war on terror.
We have no regulation of drones in the United States in their commercial use.
Geithner still didn't correct the same type of error for some years, even after the Internal Revenue Service flagged him for the failure to pay the taxes in other years.
The American people have endured 21 consecutive months of 9% or higher unemployment [and] 2.6 million jobs have been lost, since the stimulus bill was signed.
A typical married couple will contribute $119,000 into Medicare but will receive $357,000 in Medicare benefits over their lifetimes.
Opinion polls show that the majority of Americans, and the majority of New Jerseyans, favor marriage equality for same sex couples.
Medicaid is close to 30 percent of the state budget and the biggest expenditure at the state.
"I didn't campaign on a public option."
More than half of all drivers licenses issued in California this year have gone to illegal aliens.
We just dont want to get to be like Louisiana, where you have drive-up daiquiri shops.
Says Donald Trump and Marco Rubio opposed Cruzs efforts to defund Planned Parenthood.
Ninety percent of the job growth in Virginia has been in the private sector.
"Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average"
Rhode Island has the worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska.
A database police use to look up wanted suspects excludes certain warrants issued by Atlanta Municipal Court.
Welcome to Wisconsin road signs have always been made in Wisconsin,but Scott Walker is outsourcing themto an out-of-state company and paying more money for them.
Says Russ Feingold cast the deciding vote for the largest tax increase in history
Says signers of recall petitions against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are at risk because of newly discovered provisions in state law.
Says in Canada, the number of CT scan machines per 1,000 people is like one-tenth of what we have here in this country. Thats why people have to wait.
Says Lake Erie contains more native fish than all the other Great Lakes combined.
There havent been tax cuts for the rich in Rhode Island.
On a timetable to withdraw from Iraq.
Says recent studies indicate that nationally, only 8 percent of white voting-age citizens but 25 percent of African-American voting-age citizens lack government-issued photo IDs.
Says over 50 percent of U.S. job growth in June came from Wisconsin.
Less than 5 percent of registered users in states allowing medical marijuana have cancer or AIDS.
Kelly Ayotte has voted to defund Planned Parenthood six times.
When Deborah took office, the (Sellwood Bridge) project had languished for years, with only $11 million in funds. With her leadership the remaining funding was secured that got the project moving forward.
71% of WIs roads are in poor or mediocre condition and 14% of WIs bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete.
We are seeing dramatic rate cuts to Medicare that will affect seniors ability to keep their doctor, hospital and prevention services.
"We had a press conference here that interestingly no one in the mainstream media covered."
As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, there were days where folks couldnt go outside. because of all the pollution in the air.
Spanish was the first European language spoken in this country.
By one leading measure, what business owners pay out in wages and salaries is now finally growing faster than what they spend on health insurance for the first time in 17 years.
If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person.
Says Texas lawmakers agreed to cut states rainy day fund in half, spending $4 billion from current $8 billion.
Says the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.
We balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets.
About 57 percent of registered Democrats in the new (9th Congressional) district come from my old district.
The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago.
"Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt."
The Obama administration manipulated deportation data to make it appear that the Border Patrol was deporting more illegal immigrants than the Bush administration.
Virtually no Republican in Washington accepts climate change science.
I am the only U.S. Senate candidate who spoke out against bombing Syria, and who challenged Georgias governor and insurance commissioner over obstruction to the Affordable Care Act.
The economic impact of new Atlanta Braves stadium includes 9,241 new jobs and $295 million in wages.
In Oregon, women earn an average of 79 cents for every dollar that men earn for doing the same job. Thats just wrong.
Rhode Islands legislature is the strongest in the country.
We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low.
"In the three months before the act took effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost about 35,000 jobs a month."
In 2010, uninsured voters made up about 5 percent of the electorate.
"The mayor said 'if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status . . . then we welcome you here. We want you here. We'll protect you here.' "
Marriage decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent.
Out of the total U.S. military budget, significantly less than 10 percent of that money is used to fight international terrorism.
It is a greater crime to have an untagged alligator than to host an open house party (for kids).
We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns.
Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
When it comes to fighting terrorism, Another thing we know that does not work, based on lots of empirical evidence, is torture.
At Texas AM University, only 49 out of 3,000 faculty members brought in enough money to pay for their salaries and overhead over the past five years.
Says the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more.
Says he didnt tell viewers that the Obama campaign hid news about the motives behind the attack in Benghazi because Obama was running for re-election.
Over the last six years, the state of Illinois spent about $320 million on illegal immigrants.
The debt limit deal allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money.
Oil money from federal leases can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling.
Every piece of legislation, just about, that I ever introduced (in the U.S. Senate) had a Republican co-sponsor.
The Fulton County vote count will be finished by 11:30 p.m. on election night.
The failed economic policies of President Barack Obama, the Democrats and the Federal Reserve are making gas prices higher while Americas economy is running on fumes.
Says Mitch McConnell voted to raise Medicare costs for a current Kentucky senior by $6,000.
Says the president of the University of Texas has raised four-year student graduation rates to 75 percent.
Texas children may have a teacher who never spent one minute practicing teaching.
Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man, hewent on to say he doesnt trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes.
Says Governor-elect Scott Walkers choice as transition team leader killed the release of a damaging report on Walkers record in the days leading up to the election.
Romney refused to pardon "a decorated soldier" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13.
The United States decided waterboarding was torture back when we court-martialed American soldiers for waterboarding Philippine insurgents in the Philippine revolution.
"Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue."
HIV/AIDS among women is skyrocketing in Austin.
Says Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a murder mill.
More whites believe in ghosts than believe in racism.
The conviction rate is almost exactly the same for whites and blacks who commit murder.
My plan actually gives the middle class the greatest break: $2,000 per family.
(New Jersey Network) is the only news station which covers New Jersey government.
The highest economic growth decade was the 1960s. Income tax rates were 90 percent.
Obamacare doesnt require members of Congress to abide by the same rules that all of the other Americans do.
Takes credit for reining in state spending when he was governor.
Says she is entering in the most diverse class ever, of U.S. Representatives
In other jurisdictions where (a domestic partnership registry) has been enacted, we have seen that fewer people enter into marriage.
Says state Sen. Steve Ogden was the driving force behind business income tax hurting small business, crafted the Robin Hood school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket, wrote a budget that will result in a $14 billion deficit and voted against gun freedoms.
"And, you know, our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day. He had a field manual of prayers."
On three occasions, judges had to stop Jason Kander from manipulating elections.
We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns.
Congressman Renacci is under FBI investigation.
In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country.
Gov. Bob McDonnellsbudget plantakesmoney out of our classrooms to pave roads.
U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia has helped support the implementation of Obamacare.
The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in.
Were the highest taxed nation in the world.
Geithner's failure to pay self-employment taxes while working for the IMF is a mistake that is commonly made for people who are working internationally or for international institutions.
Texas has lost the most law enforcement officers in the line of duty of any state in America.
Rick Scott has heavily invested in a company that is geared to helping illegal aliens transfer money to family and friends out of the country."
Says President Obamas proposed oil tax would cost consumers 24 cents a gallon.
Says the Obama administration invited Russia into Syria.
Says state Senate recall challenger Sandy Pasch voted to cut school aid by nearly $300 million.
Says she introduced a ban on "dirty dancing."
Sen. Rubios (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family.
More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock.
The reality is that we have roughly 15,000 undocumented immigrants living in the state...
Says Hillary Clinton has taken hundreds of millions from those countries where women are stoned, where women are killed for adulteryand women cant drive.
Mitt Romney received exactly zero votes in at least 12 Cuyahoga County precincts.
Russia and China are doing naval exercises together someplace.
Ron Oakleys conservative leadership protected local taxpayers over government bureaucrats as theWater Management Districts budget decreased by 58 percent in the four years he served on the board.
Kewpie burgers are delicious. An Ohio institution. And theyll cost less thanks to John Kasichs tax cut.
This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time.
Seventy percent of all Texans are overweight or obese.
Says his plan would cut taxes without increasing the deficit.
We have the third-lowest minimum wage of developed countries.
An April 7, 2015 referendum would take the choice of chief justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court away from the people.
For NATO exercises, we dont have enough of our own hardware and equipment even for training purposes. So the Britsare spotting us choppers.
Says Mitch McConnell voted three times for corporate tax breaks that send Kentucky jobs overseas.
As a candidate, President Obama declared that everyone deserves access to reproductive health care that includes abortion, and vowed that this 'right' would be at the heart of his health care reform plan if elected president.
Says DonaldTrump proposes tax cuts, too -- $3 trillion for millionaires like himself and $2 trillion for corporations like his.
Says library district would come at no direct cost to the city budget.
The national debt is larger than our entire annual economy.
Says Barack Obama put in place a board that can tell people ultimately what treatments theyre going to receive.
Kendrick Meek claims hes the only candidate who saidSonia Sotomayor will make an excellent Supreme Court justice.
Says she heard more than 2,400 cases as a Wisconsin appeals court judge
In altered photo, says Barack Obama wants more of Texans private data via health care.
The states unemployment rate is fifth-highest in the country, a full point above the nationwide rate and higher than all of our...neighboring states.
The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs.
"For my energy plan, my economic plan, and the other proposals you'll hear tonight, I've offered spending cuts above and beyond their cost."
There are about 350,000 people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each year.
Six convictions are connected to an allegation by prosecutors that Gov. Scott Walker is at the center of a criminal scheme.
Wisconsin is called the Badger State because our ancestors came here with the hopes of living the American dream by mining.
Says by 4th grade, 86 percent of African-American boys and 82 percent (of) Hispanic boys are reading below proficiency levels.
Unemployment in the city of St. Petersburg is below the state average.
"On the day that (the Republican) state leader resigned in disgrace, a Shred-It' truck rolled up to Republican headquarters."
Employers and schools have no right to conduct surveillance of a dorm room or a workers cubicle.
Says my advocacy questioning contracting out in Parks delayed and altered the renewal of the Brooks contract, and reduced the number of contracted employees in Parks from over 100 to fewer than 40.
Says Texas ranks first in executions among the states.
Tax rates were significantly higher "in the '40s, the '50s, and the '60s."
Says he posted a win in the Republican Party of Wisconsin endorsement contest in the U.S. Senate primary.
"John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr."
Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism.
In 2007, the top 1 percent of all income earners in the United States made 23.5 percent of all income, which is more than the entire bottom 50 percent.
An 11-year-old girl was investigated by the FBI and had to pay a $500 federal criminal fine because she found an injured woodpecker and put it in a cage to make sure that the bird was OK.
"More than 12,500 service men and women have been discharged on the basis of sexual orientation since the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy was implemented, at a cost of over $360 million. Many of those forced out had special skills in high demand, such as translators, engineers, and pilots."
In Congress Tom Barrett voted to allow abortions through the ninth month, just moments before the baby is born.
Of the 13 (Bill) Clinton speeches that fetched $500,000 or more, only two occurred during the years his wife was not secretary of state.
Says in January 1992, George H. W. Bush probably had a 90 percent or even higher approval rating after the first Gulf War.
When LBJ started#WarOnPoverty, 14% of Americans lived in poverty. 50 yrs later, 14% still do. Theres a #BetterWay.
Our reserves are now in much better shape than they were just a few years ago.
Says no city comparable in size to Austin or smaller was broken into as many congressional districts.
In 32 other states and Washington D.C., they [voters] can avoid the wait by voting before Election Day.
Responding to a major snow event in Atlanta would be like Kansas City, Mo., responding to a major earthquake.
Says Russian President Vladimir Putin calls me brilliant.
A $5-a-night hotel/motel tax thats part of the transportation bill will hurt Georgias convention business by adding extra costs for large groups coming to the state.
Texas has a higher incarceration rate than Russia or Iran.
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was never sentenced to stoning.
The Georgia Lottery paid out $2.3 billion in prizes during the last fiscal year.
During the Reagan administration, "Millions of people were thrown out of work."
Says Donald Trump supported impeachment of President (George W.) Bush.
Says student loan interest rates will double from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent July 1.
In New England, Rhode Island has the second highest number of police officers being assaulted.
My opponent, in 2008, had contributions investigated by the federal government.
Weve had the lowest health care inflation in history because of Obamacare.
After not having any foreign trade offices overseas for the past decade, New Jersey opened offices in Shanghai and London in the past six months, and has seen an 18 percent increase in exports.
Says that as a gubernatorial candidate, Chris Christie promised no school cuts.
Eighty percent of all U.S. communities depend solely on trucks to deliver and supply the products sold in stores or ordered online.
With her solution, terrorists can still today and by the way ISIS knows it, they have been advertising it buy guns online and at gun shows in the United States of America.
Says the Texas Department of Agriculture seeks to purchase up to 300,000 promotional stress balls.
Says he didnt call Dr. George Tiller a baby killer, as liberal groups charge, but was merely reporting what some prolifers branded him.
A Cornell University research study concludes that ethanol generates a 29 percent energy loss, meaning it takes more than a gallon of gasoline to produce a gallon of ethanol.
Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition that could affecttheir health care coverage.
In preparing a rules package for the 112th Congress, the GOP had no discussions with Democrats.
Research even shows that sending more girls to school can boost an entire countrys GDP.
The United States has the most number of deductions available to corporations for the corporate income tax.
UPS left 15,000 employees spouses without health insurance and told them to, go on an exchange with no employer subsidy.
Says the goal of the Affordable Care Act was to get 30 million people insured, but it only got 7 million.
GEORGIA ROADWAY FATALITIES THIS YEAR: 59 PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY
We didnt have a development director for over seven months.
There is not one of the Muslim nations that doesnt have discrimination against women, discrimination against gays, subjugation of other religious beliefs.
Says GOP recall challenger Kim Simac was delinquent paying her property taxes eight of the last nine years.
Medicare spends "$15-billion a year on subsidies to insurance companies."
Says while state leaders have cut funding for our schools and other basic priorities, the amount of money the state is projected to give away through tax breaks increased by a whopping $3.4 billion.
Says Alex Sink supported higher sales taxes.
I delivered to you a budget that ... cuts taxes by $2 billion.
Says Sherrod Browns campaign attacked Josh Mandels military service
The city of Pembroke Pines doesnt have a vote in a plan to build a detention center in Southwest Ranches.
Theres no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic.
"Roadside bombs are responsible for 70 percent of casualties in Iraq and these new mine-resistant vehicles can reduce those casualties by two-thirds."
The Democratic majority led the 111th Congress to spend more money in two years than the first 100 congresses before them combined.
Says Gov. Rick Scott returned $1 million in federal funding that would have helped the state cover the cost of overseeing insurance rates under the new health care law.
Says he never told anyone he hated the U.S. Senate.
The reason 29 states no longer have a death tax is that the tax damaged their economic competitiveness.
The Republicans have demanded deep cuts in education. Theyve demanded cuts in cancer research and other research to find cures and treatments to diseases.
Says Bernie Sanders chose to spend his honeymoon in the Soviet Union in 1988.
Says U.S. corporate tax rate is highest in the world at 35 percent.
SaysHillary Clinton took 13 hours to send help to Americans under fire during the terrorist attack in Benghazi.
Thirty U.S. cities have Triple A baseball teams and virtually everyone of them [is] playing in government owned ballparks.
Discretionary spending went up 84 percent in the last two years
"Look, I believe in accountability. In 1983, I led the effort in Arkansas to improve our schools."
Says Mike Coffman is with Trump.
If Obamacare is fully implemented, 30 million people will still be without health insurance.
In two terms in the Missouri General Assembly, Jason Kander passed ZERO bills that were signed into law.
Under President Barack Obama, income levels and unemployment numbers are worse now than just about ever for African-Americans.
Due to the sequester, people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn.
I did not vote to spend money to fight that (Amendment 6 redistricting) lawsuit.
We are the only state in the country that state employees dont contribute [to their pensions].
One year today since #GOP took control of the House and no new jobs.
White House Political Director Patrick Gaspard once served as the "right-hand man" for Bertha Lewis, who heads up ACORN.
Education Week rates Ohio schools in the top five in the nation.
Says she does the jobs of state auditor, secretary of state and lieutenant governor for less than the price of one of them in Washington state.
I have always been focused on reining in the deficit.
Earmarks requested in a federal spending bill included $277,000 for potato pest management in Wisconsin.
Credit agency says Rep. Gibbs recklessly caused downgrade, higher interest rates.
"We're building a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline, which is North America's largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever."
Stimulus money went to office upgrades for politicians.
"He's (Romney) the one who said that he would be to the left of Teddy Kennedy on gay rights."
Jeb Bushs plan for Social Security is disastrous for seniors and raises the retirement age to 70.
"I have little doubt that we've moved into recession at this point."
"About 40 percent of Hispanic homeowners have subprime mortgages."
Says that Lee Fisher once said, I never met a gun control bill I didnt like.
Nevada Republicans didnt do one single thing to cut spending in 2015.
To comply with non-discrimination laws, the government is forcing people in business to make wedding cakes for anyone.
Radio Marti and TV Marti have spent more than $500 million to reach less than 1 percent of the Cuban population.
I released all my emails.
I was the first member of Congress to contribute to Donald Trump.
''I have received more contributions than any other candidate in the race Republican or Democrat.''
"The House Democrats' so-called 'stimulus' has been stuffed with an astonishing $335 million to fund prevention programs of sexually transmitted diseases."
Were the Sunshine State, and were hardly doing any solar energy production.
In Hawaii, "they don't have a history of throwing incumbents out of office."
SaysGov. John Kasich incorrectly claimed Ohios economy was 38th in the nation when he took office. We were sixth in the nation in terms of economic job growth.
(Birmingham, Ala.) is the cradle of the civil rights movement.
Were 49th in the United States in new businesses created.
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagans policies.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker literally invented a $3.6 billion deficit.
We also have, in a park thats not far from here, an ability to build a reservoir that can hold a 30-day water supply for the city of Atlanta.
Virginia is home to more veterans per capita than any state in America.
We have about six school districts that are in school 140 to 150 days this year.
Says Gov. Jim Doyle and the DNR have not put hunters first and mismanaged the deer herd; as a result the deer population has dwindled.
Today, you cant rely on (the retirement fund for public employees), its not funded.
President Barack Obama said over 20 times he did not have the legal authority to act as he did on immigration.
Last year, we produced 14 percent less oil on public lands than we did the year before.
Floridas regulations on the payday lending industry are stronger than almost any other state.
Congressman Bill Young voted to cut taxes for millionaires and end your Medicare.
On my last trip to New Hampshire, I think I met the guy who founded the first and only bank since Dodd-Frank passed, since the financial crisis. One bank in the country.
Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich supported President Barack Obamas economic policies 97 percent of the time.
Seventy-five percent of the young adults in this country are not mentally or physically fit to serve.
Says David Dewhurst accused Cruz of being a Red Chinese Communist.
Federal law prohibits the growing of industrial hemp in the United States.
We created as many jobs in the first six months of this year as we did in all of 2011 and 2011 was the best single year for private-sector job growth since the year 2000.
Greg Abbott has benefitted from payday lenders who have given him $300,000 and then received a ruling from him that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees.
Says Georgia Power customers pay 10 percent to 15 percent below the national average for electricity.
Every poll you see, the overwhelming majority of people want [E-Verify].
Over the course of one four-year term, it costs taxpayers more than $1 million simply to operate the governors mansion.
Says Donald Trump supports eminent domain and the Supreme Courts Kelodecision.
Says Tom Steyer is aCalifornia billionaire who stands to profit by blocking Keystone and is spending big to help Bruce Braley.
On adoption by gay couples
Matt Patten kicked off his dirty campaign with thousands in dirty cash from guess who? (Frank) Russo and (Jimmy) Dimora.
43,000 people are going to be kicked out of nursing homes or denied nursing home entrance if the Texas House version of the state budget passes into law.
Women are still paid 82 cents for every dollar a man earns in Texas.
$120,000 will be spent by taxpayers on Charlie Crists political photo-op special session.
Of hospitals in Rick Scotts Columbia/HCA health care company, "A top executive said they even turned away a poor man and left him to die outside their door."
Seventy percent of the people living in abject poverty are women.
Says after Hurricane Sandy, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg refused to allow the National Guard into the city to restore civil order because Guardsmen carry guns!
Heres something that people never talk about with coach Schiano: Rutgers had the best graduation rate of any Division I football program in America.
When youre white ... you dont know what its like to be poor.
"With the resources it takes to execute just over three months of the Iraq war, we could fully fund the expansion of health care for needy children that Bush vetoed."
Says Travis Countys unemployment rate is below the national average while its poverty rate exceeds the national average--and local poverty is rising.
Nobodys addicted to marijuana.
President-elect Trumps immigration policies are very similar to policies that are sitting right in the Senate and the House today to temporarily suspend immigration from countries that harbor terrorism, to temporarily suspend immigration from Syria until we get better vetting.
Says Gov. Scott Walker took away $1.6 billion from schools and handed it off as over $2 billion in tax breaks to the rich.
The federal government can cut all of the non-military discretionary spending and not balance the budget.
In Galveston, Texas, they have allowed people to privatize part of their Social Security. And people are building wealth.
On bipartisan redistricting.
Spending increases, not tax cuts, are the major cause of the federal budget deficit.
Says Keene, N.H., requested a military-grade armored personnel truck, citing their annual Pumpkin Festival as a possible target for terrorists.
President Barack Obama had the legal authority to strike Syria without a vote from Congress.
Horse racing could boost Georgias economy by $1 billion a year and create 10,000 to 20,000 jobs.
Russ Feingold voted against the law that protected our lakes and was the only Great Lakes senator to vote no.
Says the new Dodd-Frank financial law requires a 20 percent down payment to buy a house.
"I have a perfect voting record from organizations like the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion and all the other veterans service organizations."
Barack Obama has consistently voted against tougher penalties for criminals.
In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents.
Says Jeff Stone = Scott Walker.
Palin "inherited a city with zero debt, but left it with indebtedness of over $22-million."
Florida is one of only three states that require licenses for commercial interior designers.
After hiring a campaign manager in 2006, I got this $100 and something fee ... for hazardous materials.
In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map.
Obamacare is not a popular law.
"Nobody has been talking about it (Medicaid fraud), focused on it, or paying attention to it."
Rick Scott has destroyed over 100,000 jobs.
For every week that (state lawmakers are) able to cut off our timeline, it saves (Georgia taxpayers) approximately $100,000.
"Grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists" from Bermuda gave McCain $50,000.
Today 46 percent of all Floridians owe more on their home than it is worth.
Says that when President Obama visited El Paso, he pronounced that the border with Mexico and the United States was safer than it ever was in history.
Says Texas gained 21,000 doctors due to tort reform.
Most private sector jobs in the history of Buffalo exist in Buffalo today
Rubio's "got more experience than Obama had."
More than 125 jobs have been created at the Milwaukee Job Corps Center.
Says a university survey concluded his Massachusetts administration had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state in America.
The Ohio Democratic Party has raised $1.1 million since the November election. A very small percentage of that has come from organized labor.
TheU.S. economyis three times asbig as Chinas.
Providence graduation rates are up.
Says Alex Jones said that the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there.
Says no, youre wrong, responding to the assertion that stop-and-frisk was ruled unconstitutional in New York.
The majority of revenue generated by a proposed Kenosha casino would be sent to the Seminole tribe in Florida.
Florida doesnt regulate assault weapons or .50 caliber rifles or large-capacity ammunition magazines. It doesnt require a permit to purchase a gun. It doesnt require any registration, whatsoever.
Texas is home to millions of Latinas, but the state has never elected a Latina to Congress.
Studies suggest the 2017 College Football Playoff Championship game will bring about 1,700 to 1,800 full-time jobs.
Says that he did not exactly say that communities have the right to ban mosques.
Faced with $1 million in campaign debt, Scott Walker is unloading his campaign security costs onto the backs of Wisconsin taxpayers.
George Allen had 40,000 earmarks while he was a senator.
We are amassing most of our military strength in a country where fewer than 100 members of al Qaeda remain.
"He won't even support his colleague's ... motion to censure the Bush administration for systemic repeated illegal wiretaps."
More than 1 million Texans live without affordable health care because Rick Perry failed to partner with the Legislature to find a Texas solution to closing the coverage gap.
There are actually half a million fewer government employees now than there were when (President Barack) Obama took office.
The Clean Power Plan is something that Sen. Sanders has said he would delay implementing.
Says Marco Rubio has the worst voting record there is today.
Millions of dollars are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and the Senate.
Says Barack Obama is a hypocrite for criticizing President George W. Bushs drone attack program, then using it aggressively as president.
Says Measure 11 is one of the most significant reasons for decrease in violent crime.
Says 160,000 kids stay home every day because they are afraid to go to school because of bullying.
"We reduced abortion. We increased adoptions by 135 percent."
Wisconsin pays criminal defense lawyers who represent the indigent $40 per hour, the lowest in the country.
House Bill 2301 never had a public hearing
The proposed transportation tax plan revokes a tax-credit for consumers electric cars while the state retains similar credits for similar vehicles for businesses.
I differed with my party on business legislation, on consumer protection, and on free trade agreements.
We will have the highest general revenue in state history next year. Conservative pro-growth policies work in our state.
Comic strip says government study shows Head Start has little or no impact on the children its supposed to help.
A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty ... I have never supported amnesty.
Says Pope Francis took the name of a saint who basically reached out to Muslims.
The claim ... that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to kill off senior citizens ... is a lie, plain and simple.
One-third of the gasoline is purchased by out-of-state people in Virginia
The federal tax code has loopholes that are giving incentives for companies that are shipping jobs overseas.
The Republican from Georgia [U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston], he hasnt even been to a NASCAR race.
In the last year, Wisconsin ranked third in Midwest job growth.
The typical Wisconsin worker makes $5,000 less each year than our neighbors in Minnesota under Gov. Scott Walkers policies.
FIFA pressured Brazil into passing a so-called Budweiser bill, allowing beer sales in soccer stadiums.
Leticia Van de Putte voted to stop schools from removing teachers convicted of a felony.
Says a state bill checks the spending habits of the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors by bringing it in line with other county boards around the state.
Says federal health care overhaul will cost Texas state government upwards of $30 billion over the next 10 years.
Says President Barack Obama has put (up) a stop sign against oil drilling, against any kind of exploration offshore or in Alaska.
Ive created over 40,000 jobs.
Passing a federal firearms background check through the NICS database . . . typically takes 90 seconds.
The debt-ceiling bill doesnt cut the debt. It will add about $7 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years.
Says Hillary Clinton has been a champion of globalist trade agreements. ... Worst of all, they are now pushing the disastrous 5,000-page Obamatrade the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement.
Says Jeb Bush flip-flop-flip(ped) on immigration.
Since 1980, over 145 incidents have been documented of suction entrapment in swimming pools and spas, including 36 deaths of children.
Georgia lawmakers balanced the budget without raising taxes on residents.
Defends his vote to push retirement age to 70 by saying he is for a process that would not be fully implemented until around the turn of the century.
The president has given 1,100 special waivers to his friends for Obamacare.
Says that three of these five Republicans -- Ben Westlund, Rob Patridge, Max Williams, Lane Shetterly, Lynn Lundquist -- later became Democrats.
"The crime decline in the United States would be fairly small if it wasn't for the crime decline in New York City."
Proposed cuts in the House farm bill mean 2 million less people on food stamps, 210,000 children will not receive school lunches or breakfasts.
If it is enacted, the Senate immigration bill is going to make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet.
At my first Lets Get to Work Day we sold out; more than 240 dozen doughnuts by 8:30 a.m.
Glen Sturtevant is against smaller class sizes.
President Obamas proposal calls for serious cuts in our own long-term carbon emissions, but China and India will still be allowed to increase their emissions.
"I have never asked for a single earmark, pork barrel project for my state of Arizona."
Says Democratic recall opponent Tom Barrett is campaigning on lifting property tax limits.
Photo ID is not required for those who vote by mail.
We have the lowest per-capita spending of any state in the nation except for South Dakota.
When I ran against incumbent President Gerald Ford, you know how much money we raised? None.
President Obama has the worst ratings of any president at the end of his first year.
Milwaukee County has a parks capital budget thats bigger than its been in the last 10 years.
Says Charlie Crist wants felons who commit a heinous crime such as intentional permanent disfigurement of a child, you walk out of jail, you immediately get to vote.
700 jobs (were) lost because Allen Boyd voted for the health care bill.
Because of (the 1994 crime bill), we had a 25-year low in crime, a 33-year low in the murder rate, and listen to this, because of that and the background check law, a 46-year low in the deaths of people of gun violence.
In 2009, we cut state spending in real terms for the first time in 150 years.
In every poll, John Cornyn always loses to any conservative the voters have heard about.
For the last decade, funding in the health and human services budget has grown at twice the rate as other parts of the budget, and I think that context is important.
In Wisconsin, deaths from domestic violence are at the highest in 10 years.
Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Education Week says Obama 'hasn't made a significant mark on education,' is 'elusive' on accountability, and a 'staunch defender of the existing public school monopoly.'
Says Trump ties are made in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin.
Huckabee "granted 1,033 pardons and commutations . . . more clemencies than the previous three governors combined."
The proposed transportation bill could be the largest tax increase in Georgia history.
While in Congress, Nathan Deal was a leader when it came to protecting our borders.
"Florida's new fingerprint identification system is improving our rate of solving cold cases by 300 percent."
The 2009 stimulus bill failed to get people back to work.
Since 1995, the top 400 wealthiest families have seen their incomes go up 400 percent and their tax rates go down 40 percent.
Muslims tried to use Sharia law to influence court decisions in New Jersey and Oklahoma
"Actually, Reagan was a Democrat before he was a Republican."
We can save $125 billion in simply not giving out money to Medicare recipients that dont exist for procedures that didnt happen.
The University of Wisconsin System will be much more affordable than just about any other campus in America because going forward we have a cap on it tied to inflation.
Gov. Rick Perry used $3.2 billion in stimulus dollars for schools to plug other holes in his budget.
On immigration reform
It took us four years to balance the budget. Then I gave you four surplus budgets for the first time in more than 70 years, paid $600 billion down on the national debt.
Says Jon Corzine gave away 14 percent raises over 4 years and he stood on the front steps of the Capitol at a public-sector union rally and said, I will fight to get you a great contract.
Weve cut taxes 50 times and look what has happened to our revenues. Theyve grown.
Many dont know that Bill Young was once the minority leader in the Florida Senate...because he was the only Republican senator.
Says Oregon is one of only three states that allow the use of gillnets on inland waters.
Says Donald Trump made a lot of money from outsourcing jobs thanks to NAFTA but never, ever raised his voice against it when Congress was considering it.
"I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and are seeking out the American dream."
Says he was a Marine during Vietnam.
AARP is endorsing the health care reform bill.
American Hustleshows the FBI making real-life bribes to Washington politicians. I know, because as your U.S. senator, I turned them down.
"These steps (a middle-class tax cut, national health care plan, foreclosure prevention fund, Social Security fix and more) are all paid for."
The nearly six-year delay in approving Keystone is costing Americans more than 100,000 jobs.
Says iPads and iPhones are built in the United States of America.
Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus projects in Rhode Island include $250,000 to provide digital television to the states inmate population.
The Pentagon itself says that we could eliminate 20 percent of U.S. bases.
I never called for a partition of Iraq.
In the history department at the University of Texas, out of 50 registered voters, only one is a Republican.
Said Republicans made historic gains in state legislatures during last months election
We got the highest vote count in the history of the Republican Party.
The Cathedral of Christ the King is one of the Archdiocese of Atlantas largest and fastest-growing parishes.
New Jerseys citizens are working at the highest rate in three years.
"The money supply has doubled in the last year."
Says Oregons high minimum wage is the reason why by 2011, Oregons restaurants employed an average of only 13.8 workers, or 2.6 fewer employees than they did before the states minimum wage began rising above the federal level in 1997.
"The president of the United States ... agrees with me" that marriage should be between a man and a woman.
The Climatic Research Unit e-mails show that the science behind climate change has been pretty well debunked.
President Obamas suggested reduction in spending for next year: $0.
Rick Perry ended full-day Pre-K for 100,000 Texas children.
Says PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years.
Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues.
Says Alex Sinks plans for governor include $12.5 billion in new spending.
Seventy percent of all uninsured live in households in which at least one person is working.
Recent data showed Nevada ranks 50th in the money received from the stimulus bill.
If you want to talk firsts for Bush, this was the first time in American history that a president took us into a war and cut taxes.
Ted Cruz tried to ban contraception five times.
Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country entered the U.S. legally and overstayed their visa.
Just about half of rural hospitals operate in the red in Virginia. They operate at a loss.
Obama keeps talking about getting rid of all nuclear weapons. Hes already significantly reduced our capabilities there.
Milwaukee has seen an uptick in violence since 2010, and the only period of calm we get is when winter sets in.
The numbers of people that support Obamacare and like it have been steadily dropping.
The region I represent, both currently and in the future, has more automotive plants than the entire state of California.
Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis supports a plan that would end Medicare as we know it.
In the 1950s and 1960s, the minimum wage was such that it would lift you out of poverty.
Republican redistricting plans cut Democrat Nancy Nusbaum out of her state Senate district by a half a block.
When Obama was interviewed by American reporters in Asia, "Not one of them asked me about Asia. Not one of them asked me about the economy."
A strong majority of Americans support the Keystone XL pipeline.
A majority of Wisconsinites opposed the government takeover of health care. But Russ Feingold voted for it anyway.
Obama has chosen to deny the vicious anti-Semitic motivation of the attack on a kosher Jewish grocery in Paris.
"Gas prices have never been higher, and Exxon Mobil's profits have never been higher."
Were now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. Weve surpassed Saudi Arabia.
Says As Mayor of Wilsonville, I drove TriMet out of town and replaced their bloated transit system with our own local bus line that offers better service and has saved our businesses millions of dollars.
If Rhode Island applied a 1-percent sales tax on all items exempt from sales tax, ''the state would receive an additional $89,376,857.''
Did not vote for tax increases as a member of the West Miami City Commission.
Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger believed that people like me should be eliminated.
Says a trash mound on U.S. 290 is 800 feet tall.
One of the first states in the union to pass a voter ID bill was Rhode Island, 85 percent Democratic legislature.
In the past 27 months, President Barack Obama has created more private-sector jobs than in the Reagan recovery.
States with the highest gun ownership rates also have the highest suicide rates.
"I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one."
Likens Obamas predicament to 1982, saying, when Reagan just started out, (unemployment was at) exactly the same point. He was two years into his term. The unemployment was well over 10 percent, and it did come out of it.
Says Tom Barrett voted to ban 15 different kinds of guns, even a lot of common deer rifles.
The governor having a meeting ... isnt covered by the open meetings act.
E-mail quotes Maureen Dowd column that Obama has received suspicious contributions from Saudi Arabia, Iran and China.
Says 94 percent of (Marco Rubios) constituents support a universal background check.
Says Tommy Thompsons tax plan amounts to an average tax cut of almost $87,000 for the top 1 percent.
Says Connie Mack takes two homestead exemptions, directly contrary to Floridas Constitution.
Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal 'supermax' prisons.
Says 220,000New Yorkers would have immediately benefitted had President Obamas executive action been affirmed.So almost a quarter million of our fellow New Yorkers who are hurting right now whose rights and opportunities were taken away by the Supreme Court.
"The bill reported out of committee sets up a $50 billion slush fund that, while intended for resolving failing firms, is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit."
Barack Obama and the Democrats have "proposed a tax for not having health insurance."
The priorities of more than three-quarters of Americans are to increase the minimum wage, create a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and require background checks for gun buyers.
We in this state saw more job creation in the last three years since Ive been governor than you saw in the whole eight years of Doyles time as governor.
One-third of all bank tellers (are) on public assistance.
Animal abuse is often an indicative trait of future acts of violence against humans.
Says that all those who do not answer directly to the president, theyve said (repealing Dont Ask, Dont Tell) is a terrible idea.
There has not been a Democratic woman in Congress from New Jersey in almost four decades.
The Obama administration increased the deportation of illegal immigrants convicted of crimes by 70 percent.
Six of the 10 richest counties in the United States surround Washington, D.C.
About halfway through fiscal year 2009, Washington has run out of money.
Says shes tried over 100 jury cases in Travis County courts.
Kelly Ayotte voted to give big oil more than $20 billion in tax breaks.
The average age of members of the House of Representatives is 57 years old.
Says Panasonic stayed in New Jersey because of the Business Retention and Relocation Assistance Grant (BRRAG) program.
Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay.
African-Americans dont use drugs at a higher level than whites but wind up going to prison six times more.
On offshore oil drilling.
The interest on the debt now is going to approach in the next couple of years ... what we spend in the national defense budget.
Says President Barack Obamas proposed budget includes two new tax increases that would collect about $14 billion.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin wants a completely government-controlled health care system that goes far beyond Obamacare and is a Medicare system for all.
You have to be a citizen to vote, but with same-day voter registration, you have places where people just walk in and vote.
Rhode Island continues to have the highest rates of substance abuse in the country.
Obama has jumped the shark and ordered the ocean closed!
In 2007, Ed Gillespie was paid $300,000 to be the frontman for a coalition that made the individual mandate the centerpiece of its health reform plan.
Only nine coalition nations with the U.S. are truly actively involved in fighting the Islamic State.
Studies show that if we opened one reserve in Alaska now, in five years, gas prices could be at $2 a gallon.
Oil companies can obtain an acre of public land for less than the price of a Big Mac.
"When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position."
The director of the FBI said that we cannot properly vet people coming from the Middle East.
Says Barack Obama has added $16 trillion to the national debt.
Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen.
Hillary Clinton is for open borders.
Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal would effectively double the interest paid out on existing and future student loans.
On the president unilaterally authorizing a military attack that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation.
In some of the states in the U.S., homosexuality remains a felony.
Theres at least 7,500 addicted gamblers in Rhode Island, at least, it could be as high as 22,000.
Says U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher breaks earmark pledge.
Says female genital mutilation is a central African problem, not an Islamic problem, as Bill Maher suggested.
Because of the new health care law, Americans no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes.
Says tax revenue was lower than expected in May and thats basically a clear indication the governors counselors are probably right -- that we are still not out of the woods yet.
1.53 million jobs are at risk (from potential defense cuts).
"Health care mandate will require imprisonment and fines for Americans who cant afford to purchase insurance or pay hefty government penalties."
On foreign policy, Joe Biden was against aid for Vietnam, said the fall of the Shah was a step forward for human rights in Iran, opposed Reagans defense build-up and voted against the first Gulf War.
Says his tax plan wouldnt leave the federal government with a $1.1 trillion hole.
The presidents come out with rules that say, No new coal-fired power plants.
If the U.S. didnt borrow $1.2 trillion every year to fund government operations, that money would be available for entrepreneurs and business people to put to work creating jobs and building and expanding their businesses.
Long-term federal investment in U.S. airports is urgent because there was a recent survey of the top airports in the world, and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25.
"I actually started criticizing the war in Iraq before (Obama) did."
The health insurance plan that (members of Congress) have is no different than any other federal employees in the United States government.
Since I was elected, crime rates have been at their lowest in over a decade.
U.S. Rep. John Barrows plan puts the IRS in charge of your health care.
In 2006, Arizona had four ballot issues that were "very tough on illegal immigration... Forty-seven percent of the Hispanics in Arizona voted for them."
For every [coyote] they kill, the population will replace and usually multiply.
Number of Americans killed by terrorism in the last decade: 24. Number of Americans killed by guns in the last decade: 280,024.
Its expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States.
Says Colorado congressional candidate Morgan Carroll voted to allow welfare recipients to use your tax dollars at ATMs at strip clubs and pot dispensaries.
"Georgia has the most restrictive ballot access laws in the country.
On whether the federal debt limit should be raised
Says his book,The Art of the Deal,is the No. 1 selling business book of all time.
Says Danny Tarkanian wants to defund Planned Parenthood and would outlaw a womans right to choose, even in cases of rape or incest.
Sherrod Brown has voted with Barack Obama 95 percent of the time.
Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya.
Gun marketplaces on Facebook mean ANYONE can broker a deal on a gun online, meet the seller in a parking lot somewhere, and walk away with a weapon.
"I saw my father march with Martin Luther King."
Over the last four years, 53 percent of black wealth has just disappeared.
Our community (Tampa Bay) is one of the 10 most threatened by the sea level rise in the world.
Washington cannot hide from the fact that Congress hiked the national debt ceiling to $14.3 trillion. They cannot hide from the fact . . . that the budget that theyre going forward with has more than a $5 trillion in debt in it over the next five years.
Republican House candidateMarilinda Garcia even opposes closing the loophole that allows dangerous criminals to get a gun without a background check.
Were bankrupt.
The polling shows over and over again that, unlike Donald Trump, that with me as the nominee, we beat Hillary Clinton.
Russ Feingold got a memo in 2009 that outlined veteran harm at a Wisconsin VA facility and nothing was done.
Says she is saving ratepayers $6 million/year.
Says recall organizers started their website last November and began work on their effort before he even took office.
Since the salary for state lawmakers was raised to $79,500, that purchasing power has now been reduced to $53,000.
Distracted driving such as texting behind the wheel is behind a rise in traffic deaths on Georgia roadways this year.
Says that in the recent year homeowners across Ohio have signed mineral rights agreements and I understand that over a billion dollars worth of leases have been signed to date.
SaysBernie Sanders voted for what we call the Charleston Loophole.
Obama's plan for health care reform ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays.
The No. 1 cause of childhood deaths is preventable accidents.
"As long as I have served . . . This is the first time every single solitary decision has required 60 senators."
The State of Texas does not even use the E-Verify system to determine if someone is legally in our country when they apply for a job.
57% of the jobs created in Austin from 2009 to 2013 do not pay families a living wage.
Says Texas General Land Office has earned the school children of Texas $451,932.89 on wind leases that haven't produced a watt of energy."
Says Hillary Clinton promised, running for the Senate years ago, 200,000 jobs for upstate New York. ... Not only didnt they come, but they lost so many jobs.
A couple of hundred American cities are infested by members of the Mexican cartels.
Barack Obama's health care plan is "to mandate health care coverage and have a universal government-run program."
50 percentof murders in Texas have been linked to illegal aliens.
Among Syrian refugees and migrants coming into Europe, there look like very few women. Very few children.
Senator Robert Hurt voted for a bill thats raised your electric rates seven times.
Since 2004, there have been some 1,300 attacks (on rail targets). Four thousand people have died. Thousands of injuries.
Says legislative debate of airport pat-down procedures initiated federal changes in security procedures.
Says Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has ties to the Muslim Brotherhood.
Decorated Marine, two-tour Iraq war vet.
If you make more than $250,000 a year you only really take home about $125,000.
Says Donald Trump said the U.S. should encourage Japan to get nuclear weapons.
We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth.
The Doherty Campaign, unlike the Cicilline Campaign, is funded mostly by individual donors -- not the big PACs that Cicilline relies on.
Since parole abolition, Virginias crime rate has fallen to third lowest in the country, our recidivism rate is down 20 percent and thats the second lowest in the country.
"When you were casting your vote for Republicans, Brian Kemp was voting for Democrats.
Says Hillary Clinton plans to massively increase admissions (of Middle East refugees) including a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our country.
The president and vice president cant be from the same state.
I campaigned on (the proposals in the budget repair bill for Wisconsin) all throughout the election. Anybody who says they are shocked on this has been asleep for the past two years.
[When I was mayor] Providence was one of the five renaissance cities of America, according to USA Today in those days. Money magazine said it was the fifth best city to live in in America. In addition to that, All Cities Almanac said in 1994, I believe, that it was the safest city in America.
If you took every penny of the 1 percent, including their dog, you wouldnt even begin to balance the budget.
Statistics show 2 to 3 Texas women per week have major complications and 10 women per week seek help at an ER after an abortion.
When the governor announced his jobs budget, 99 folks from the Department of Taxation were let go the next day.
If we use (Tax Increment Financing) funding, thats going to take funds from the general fund for Pinellas County, as it will take funds from the general fund for the city of St. Pete.
Illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the U.S. economy $100 billion... every year.
Some criminals have learned how to spy on Americans, hacking into our home computers and looking out through the video camera attached to the screen.
Says Texas public school funding grew three times the rate of enrollment from 2002 to 2012.
Since the stimulus package was passed, Ohios lost over 100,000 more jobs.
When Jim Doyle was governor and Mary Burke was commerce secretary, Wisconsin saw billions in middle-class tax hikes on nursing home beds, gas, phones and garbage.
Barry Smitherman doesnt have enough legal experience to apply for most of the jobs at the attorney generals office.
Says Russ Feingold got paid $8,000 a lecture at Stanford University.
Says Connie Mack wrote a letter to the Department of Transportation in order to get $29 million in stimulus for his congressional district.
"The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support."
Say Apples Tim Cook will not do business with Indiana.
Says he voted no on the Wall Street bailouts.
Seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage are going to see an average premium increase between $50 and $90 per month.
Says Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
80 percent of the American people havent gotten a pay raise since the crash.
Assault rifles already are banned.
(Since 1990)every continent has seen substantial gains, with individual incomes growing by more than a third in every region of the developing world.
GDP was zero essentially for the last two quarters.
Says there have been some job gains in the McMansion State since Mr. Christie took office, but they have lagged gains both in the nation as a whole and in New York and Connecticut, the obvious points of comparison.
When Congressman Langevin took office, gas was around $1.70 per gallon, and now it is near $4 per gallon.
Planned Parenthood is an organization that funnels millions of dollars in political contributions to pro-abortion candidates.
More people have watched Morning Joe than CNN and HLN 5 years in a row.
The Obama Administration's own White House Council of Economic Advisers has estimated 4.7 million Americans will lose their jobs if the (health care) bill passes.
Says Wisconsin state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, has already been recalled.
Georgia lawmakers are now considering passing the most extreme gun bill in America.
In Congress right now, were doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature, but its still only 19 percent.
Most state employees did not receive any pay raise from 2009 to 2012.
Says $38 billion in spending cuts in federal budget compromise is less than $1 billion in real cuts.
The EPA has tried to define a puddle or a drainage ditch on your farm to be navigable waters and thus subject to massive environmental regulations.
An organized crime syndicate was extorting money from his (Tom Ganleys) business, threatening his family, but he fought back and won the FBIs highest civilian award
Attacks on Planned Parenthood come at a time when the poverty rate among women is the highest in nearly two decades and 1 in 5 women under 65 dont have access to health care.
22 times Barack Obama said he did not have the authority to implement this type of anti-deportation measure. And then the day after he signed this into law, he said, quote, I just changed the law.
Since 2009, Georgias public schools have lost nearly 9,000 classroom teachers while the number of students has gone up.
On privatization of Social Security.
Romney signed government-mandated health care with taxpayer-funded abortions.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supports a plan for privatizing Social Security.
After years of 5.5 percent average tuition increases, we now have a two-year tuition freeze for the first time in the history of the UW System.
"The Iranians continue in the view of every objective observer continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons."
Were already bombing seven countries.
Ohio Republicans made significant gains during [Chris McNultys] time at the ORP, including the extremely successful re-election of President Bush in Ohio.
Says 67 percent of marriages now wind up in divorce.
Since 2001, higher education in the state has been cut or allowed to erode ... by 35 or 40 percent.
Says Hillary Clinton helped get done the Childrens Health Insurance Program.
Russ Feingold has not worked anywhere outside of politics.
Its taken more time to complete the Towpath Trail than it did to build the (Ohio Erie) Canal.
As the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the United States, so has the autism rate.
Scott Walker has even removed the 250,000 jobs promise from his website.
After Texas defunded Planned Parenthood, both the unintended pregnancy and abortion rates dropped.
Only one out of five of the so-called Syrian refugees who went into Europe were actually Syrian.
The New York Times had to retract its story that Hillary Clintons email handling had broken certain laws.
Says Judge Gonzalo Curiel is a member of a club or society, very strongly pro-Mexican.
"Senator Clinton tried to spend $1 million on the Woodstock Concert Museum."
Ive taken on the federal government and won.
Says Hillary Clintons health care plan from the 1990s had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision.
Wisconsins non-discrimination law doesnt protect members of the trans-gender community.
In 2008, Maggie Hassan voted against legislation to prevent sanctuary cities in New Hampshire.
As mayor, Barrett led efforts to redevelop the Menomonee Valley, which now supports nearly 4,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
When is a farm bill not a farm bill? When 90 percent of it is for food stamps.
President Obama is actually increasing Bush-era defense spending by $21 billion in the new fiscal year.
At protests in Wisconsin against proposed collective bargaining changes, phony sick notes (were) passed out to excuse striking union members.
By the end of his first term, President Obama will have added as much debt as all the prior 43 presidents combined.
Obama plans "a tax increase for everyone earning more than $42,000 a year."
Half the kids coming out of college this year cant find a job, or a job thats consistent with a college degree.
Charlie Crist raised taxes in 2009 and wont rule out raising taxes again.
The payday loan industry does not exist in a state like Minnesota.
Heres the simple and undeniable fact: The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.
"In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress."
The state Legislature attempted to "outlaw stem cell research, passes bills about microchips in the brain, and talks about seceding from the Union."
TheCBO saysthe cost of health care reform will rise to $1.8 trillion, increasing the price to far greater than the $900 billion originallyprojected.
Hillary Clinton "has the only health care plan that covers every American."
In 40 years of broadcast, I have never endorsed any candidate.
The 9/11 terroristsfriends, family, girlfriends in the United Stateswere sent back for the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home, and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television.
The Koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to Scott Walker as the total amount of money raised by Tom Barrett.
Mitt Romneys platform ...wont protect the mortgage interest (tax) deduction for middle-class families.
Just 9 percent of Muslims in Pakistan viewISIS favorably. Unfortunately, that 9 percent is 16 million people. And thats just one country.
New energy standards will take away our freedom of choice and selection in the light bulbs we have in our homes.
Says David Rivera received a $5,000 campaign contribution from Congressman Spencer Bachus, who is currently under House Ethics investigation for insider trading.
Georgia has more illegal aliens than the state of Arizona.
As Dane County executive, Kathleen Falk raised property taxes by millions of dollars every year and approved the second highest increase in the state in 2010.
More people were killed by terrorists in 2015 than in any other year ever, after an 80 percentincrease from 2014.
The financial penalties imposed on gay couples can cost us more than $300,000 compared with married heterosexual couples over a lifetime.
Forty percent of illegal immigrants are people coming legally on visas and overstaying their visas.
Nearly 46 million Americans don't have health insurance coverage today.
Governor Christie, his idea of jumpstarting the economy is to propose a trickle-down income tax cut last year and in his budget address this year, he stated his support for it again.
Youve got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama.
"In her short time in the United States Senate, the senator from New York, Senator Clinton, got $500-million worth of pork barrel projects."
On job creation numbers in the latest Start-Up NY report: This is a significant number of overcounts in the compilation that Ive looked at.
The omnibus spending bill has 9,427 pork barrel items.
In his very first budget, (Milwaukee) Mayor Tom Barrett broke his pledge to keep a lid on property taxes and has continued increasing taxes and fees ever since.
SayPresident George W. Bush borrowed $1.37 trillion of Social Security surplus revenue to pay for his tax cuts for the rich and his war in Iraq and never paid it back.
The Benghazi victims were left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed.
"Almost 1 million children ... have no health insurance in this state."
Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt sent his advisers to study socialism with Soviet dictator Josef Stalin so the president could replicate it in the United States.
Says I never billed a single hour of my time to the City of Portland in the last 10 years -- so, no revolving door.
This is the first time since the Depression that unemployment has stayed above 9 percent for two consecutive years.
Red light camera installed to promote public safety.
Minimum wage = $16,000/year CEO-Goldman Sachs (Lloyd Blankfein) $16,000/Hour.
Obamas stimulus, passed in his first month in office, will cost more than the entire Iraq War.
Janice Hahn hired hard-core gang members with taxpayer money to be gang-intervention specialists. She even helped them get out of jail, so they could rape and kill again.
According to Wikipedia, there are only five countries in the entire planet that are more unequal than the United States in the distribution of our wealth.
Michelle Nunns foundation directed grants to an Islamic group tied to radical terrorists.
As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were "too small, too poor or too dangerous" for the president.
Marijuana is less addictive than both alcohol and tobacco.
70 percent of Americans believe that we are on the wrong path.
Pam Bondi refuses to take a position on the gay-adoption ban.
Under Obamacare, people who have a doctor theyve been seeing for the last 15 or 20 years, they wont be able to keep going to that doctor.
Says Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more.
HIV/AIDS is dramatically on the rise in the U.S. South.
The Iraq war has been "our longest war."
[Federal] law says that you cant give in-state tuition to an illegal alien unless you first offer it to any other student regardless of their state of residence.
The most realistic estimates for jobs created by Keystone XL are maybe 2,000 jobs during the construction of the pipeline.
Says Sen. Mark Pryor voted for special subsidies for lawmakers and staff in Congress so theyre protected from Obamacare.
Tom Barrett voted for the largest tax increase in history ... raising taxes on gas and Social Security.
California is home to the largest death row populationin the Western Hemisphere.
Giving money to politicians has paid off for Paul Workman. Workman gave thousands to politicians and got millions in government construction projects.
In the U.S., African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites on marijuana charges.
Harris County, Texas has some of the highest jailing and incarceration rates in the U.S. and the world.
Repealing the health care law would save $95 billion in 2016.
A majority of drunk driving deaths and injuries are caused by drunk driving offenders with no prior convictions.
Fifty percent of Americans will go hungry at some time in their lives.
Three years ago, John McCain said, "Afghanistan we don't read about it anymore in papers because it succeeded."
Poverty levels (are) at an all-time high.
On ISIS, (Michael Bennet) chose the (Washington) insiders over our generals.
"You know, Sen. McCain said the other day that we might have troops (in Iraq) for 100 years..."
Says the state budget includes spending on commercials for Fortune 500 companies.
Says high-speed rail would have created 60,000 jobs.
Since President Obama took office, 2 million jobs. Gone.
Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants "if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student," among other things.
Health insurance premiums "have almost doubled ... since 2000."
To pay for government growth, leaders of both parties borrowed $4 billion a day, leaving us with todays $14 trillion debt.
Says that except for Donald Trump, every other major party nominee for the past 40 years has released their tax returns.
Senate Bill 1070, simply, just mirrors federal law.
I helped write the Affordable Care Act.
Dolphins are rapists. Look it up.
The U.S. has 47 million people on food stamps. Thats 14 million more than when the current occupant of the White House took over.
Republicans are trying to impeach our president.
In 1998, nearly half of Floridas fourth-graders were functionally illiterate. Today, 72% of them can read.
In the late 1980s, the U.S. was nearly the lowest-taxed nation in the world, and a quarter century later were nearly the highest.
Proposed federal regulations would affect every streetsign in the country
There are 100 members of the U.S. Senate. Fifty-seven of them, including Russ Feingold, are lawyers. There are zero manufacturers and one accountant.
Scott Maddox is a "lobbyist."
A hundred percent of all the jobs lost during the recession have been reclaimed in Texas while the nation is at about 36 percent.
Democrats have said that "even one hearing (on the stimulus bill) would be one too many, and that we have a single day to approve these five complex propositions that will affect the lives of millions."
The National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 to fund a climate change musical.
Morgan Griffith fought for a plan that would have taken money away from our schools and given it to Northern Virginia schools instead.
Says that as Wisconsin governor he never raised taxes.
In the past decade in New York State more than 30 current and former state officeholders have been convicted, sanctioned or accused of wrongdoing more than any other state.
Why didnt (uninsured Americans) buy insurance? Because of the expense.
Nearly 100,000 people get shot every year. Thats 270 people a day and 87 dead.
"This census is also the shortest and least intrusive count in modern history."
Says Charlie Crist voted against minimum wage when he was in the Senate.
[Renewable energy] projects . . . get us off foreign oil and away, step by step, from these foreign entanglements that we have to get into to defend our oil supply.
"I have disagreed strongly with the Bush administration on this issue" of global warming.
Dave Brat said the best way to fix Social Security would be to give seniors back what they paid in and no more.
Twenty-four percent of doctors in Virginia currently dont accept new Medicaid patients because the reimbursement rates are so low.
In the last six years of Ciancis administration violent crime was down in the United States. It was down in the region. It was down in Rhode Island. But it was up in Providence.
There are more poor people today as a percentage of our population than the 1970s.
Irans regime is responsible for more than 1,000 American casualties during the Iraq war and has plotted a terrorist attack here in our nations capital.
Says taxes paid by the poorest residents of Texas are above the national average.
Says John Boehner changed his position on extending Bush tax cuts.
Obamas Clean Power Plan ... eliminates coal-fired power plants.
Estimates for adopting Obamacares Medicaid expansion show it will cost Virginia taxpayers $902 million through 2022.
Obamacare already has caused millions of hardworking Virginians to lose their health insurance.
More Tennesseans have hunting and fishing licenses than vote.
American troops have never been under the formal control of another nation.
We have a guy who is going to be speaker of the House in four years, and his name has been on the ballot one time.
We continue to see these isolated incidents of people trying to vote five, six times a day.
Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city of Washington D.C.
I sponsored and was the co-sponsor of the only legislation that ever passed that had E-Verify provisions in it back in 2010 when I served in the Legislature.
Says Texas is last in workers compensation coverage.
In annual surveys of Rhode Island communities that receive Drug Free community grants, many report that more than 50 percent of youth surveyed do not think daily marijuana use poses any serious risk of harm.
Operating a health care exchange would be illegal in Georgia and some states because of legislation passed in those states.
If you already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have.
Says the area damaged by Hurricane Sandy represents roughly 10 percent of our nations economy.
Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges.
On opposing any and all efforts to increase taxes.
Regulations on developers have thwarted construction on county-owned land in Milwaukees downtown Park East corridor.
Marijuana today is genetically modified, with THC levels that far surpass the marijuana of the 1970s.
Says U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy has sided with the GOP on key votes twice as often as he sided with Democrats.
Homosexual behavior cuts your lifeby about 20 years.
The proposed Gogebic iron ore mine is just up the hill from the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore caves along Lake Superior.
If youre from Syria and youre a Christian, you cannot come into this country as a refugee.
One of the biggest causes of our soaring debt and economic insecurity ends up being Pentagon spending. The budget for the Pentagon consumes more than half of our discretionary spending.
Millionaires working side by side with George Soros are bankrolling (John Kasichs) super PAC.
Ive even cut my own salary -- twice.
"Nearly all of the top 50 prescribers of oxycodone in the United States are in Florida."
When this campaign began, I said that weve got to end the starvation minimum wage of $7.25, raise it to $15. Secretary Clinton said lets raise it to $12.
The economy added more jobs during four years under Obama than it did in the entire eight years under George W. Bush.
We fixed a loophole in the (gun) background record check system so that we could make our commonwealth safer.
In the weekend after the terrorist attacks in Paris, the White House said this couldnt happen in the United States. ISIS couldnt reach us here.
By 2006, the American people were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War.
In 2001 and 02 . . . we had the pension system funded at (the)100% level in that year, and we did for two years at that point.
As mayor, [Allan Fung] raised taxes three times.
Were importing about 10 percent of our milk supply. Were Americas Dairyland, but yet we dont have enough milk in this state to meet the demand for our cheesemakers.
Mitt Romney ... gave you government health care that is now bankrupting the state of Massachusetts.
In North Carolina, paid family leave is more popular than college basketball.
Last year, we borrowed $1.4 trillion -- or 41 cents of every dollar we spent. Over half of this debt is held by foreign investors.
"I left the city with $43 million in the bank."
Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, which you understand means that you cant do any research about it.
Ive been reducing the number of Democratic Texas Senate committee chairs since I came in as lieutenant governor.
The only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me.
The barber regulation here in Missouri is 10,000 words long.the book of Revelation is (also) 10,000 words long.
Says he cut taxes by more than $600 million when he wasgovernor.
Dan Webster supports privatization of Social Security, deep cuts in Social Security.
Says Marco Rubio voted against the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act.
Says the government wants to require farm tractor drivers to hold commercial drivers licenses even if theyre just crossing a single public road.
In Minnesota, well over 6,200 election-day registrations from 2008 proved fraudulent.
Says John Loughlin voted to let people accused of domestic violence keep their guns.
The state of Florida has seen double-digit drops in alcohol use among teens.
Clinton "refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers."
On a balanced budget amendment.
McGinty previously told a local community newspaper in her native Philadelphia that she has found an alarming undercurrent of misinformed people in the T part of the state outside of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office.
Says Mitt Romney opposes requiring employers to cover contraception and would eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
There have been 30 published polls in this election cycle and Harry Reids been trailing in every single one.
Historically, Senate ratification of arms control treaties has been bipartisan.
Says state Senate candidate Aaron Bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrants.
Our rainy day fund has gone from 89 cents to $240 million.
The 2009-11 state budget that Democrats approved left Wisconsin taxpayers $3.6 billion in debt.
Says Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a female impersonator.
Says in the Legislature, (Mary Nolan) has been a party-line Democrat, showing a 100% track record in harmony with the American Civil Liberties Union.
Says the House Rules Committee is the only panel, other than the Intelligence and Ethics committees, not able to telecast proceedings in its main hearing room.
Says enrolling a student in a subsidized lunch program triggers an at risk designation, resulting in an extra $6,000 to $7,000 of state school aid per student.
Says first eight chosen to draw Austin City Council districts are seven Democratic primary voters and one Republican primary voter.
"(My dad) used to campaign against the gas-guzzling dinosaurs."
Job creation has gotten worse each year that Scott Walker has been governor.
Says the Pentagon has never passed a financial audit. In fact, the Pentagon is exempt from a federal law that requires all federal agencies to complete annual audits.
Obamacare is so flat-out unpopular, that even the Obama administration chose to reject part of Obamacare last Friday, when they tried to throw out the CLASS Act, which is the long-term care function.
Says Jeanne Shaheen has voted with the president 99 percent of the time.
"We now have the greatest income inequality since the Great Depression."
Says Obama called Israel "a constant sore" that infects U.S. foreign policy.
Says Nevada lawmakers voted to allow teenaged boys to shower with your teenaged girls in public school locker rooms.
Gov. Rick Scott tried to kick 180,000 people off the voter rolls.
The crime rate in some Atlanta neighborhoods has dropped by 35 to 51 percent.
On abortion.
The 1908 Model T earned better gas mileage than a typical SUV sold in 2008.
All the money the Department of Citrus has is paid for by the citrus growers. You dont save dollars by eliminating the Department of Citrus.
The EPA was asked about an environmental citation for the city landfill in Nashua, N.H. but didnt know why it was cited.
Says the 3C Corridor train would have taken an hour and 15 minutes longer to carry passengers across Ohio than it would have taken on a New York Central train in 1935.
The government will go out and buy my breast pump for my babies.
Palin said stimulus money for weatherization required "universal energy building codes for Alaska, kind of a one-size-fits-all building code that isn't going to work up there in Alaska."
Says the Clinton Foundation accepted millions and millions of dollars from governments like Algeria, Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates, which violated a ban on all contributions to the Foundation from foreign nations.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz has these offshore accounts like Mitt Romney.
Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz opposes the DREAM Act, which is supported by 85% of Latinos.
A bill to aid state and local governments is fully paid-for by closing costly corporate tax loopholes.
Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in China.
Says Democratic recall opponent Shelly Moore opposes any limit on taxes.
"I am a candidate. I have not withdrawn."
The majority support (raising) the minimum wage.
Says President Barack Obama has not proposed one thing that would change the fact that Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary.
300,000 Floridians have lost their health insurance as a result of Obamacare.
Says Mitt Romney had millions in a Swiss bank account.
Most of the state budget isnt for state government doing things. ... 85 percent of the state budget is transferred to local communities for delivery of service.
The United States spends almost three times per capita what they spend in the U.K. on health care and 50 percent more than they pay in France.
President Obama has worked to change Medicare for the worse by creating an unelected, unaccountable panel with the power to deny coverage of certain treatments.
According to one study, the minimum wage today is worth $2 less than in 1968.
The DREAM Act the would give amnesty to over two million illegal aliens.
For four years, we balanced the budget and paid off $405 billion in debt.
Science is very certain that the measles vaccine doesnt cause autism.
A tax on soda and juice drinks would disproportionately increase taxes on low-income families in Philadelphia.
After taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, (Debbie Wasserman Schultz) has voted to prevent the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from regulating payday loans and addressing racial discrimination in car loans.
Kip Kinkel and Clackamas Town Center shootings both where citizen with gun stopped the crime
Not a single unarmed white person has been shot by the police in New York in about 45 years.
If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public, none of this would have been in the public arena.
The Georgia Secretary of States Office and the Georgia State Elections Board investigate and penalize hundreds of people guilty of election fraud.
Oregon leads the nation in number of jobs per capita in manufacturing.
Californias Proposition 63 would CRIMINALIZE the sharing of ammunition between friends who may be hunting or shooting together.
The Obama administration "has been constrained by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which basically gives the responsible party the lead role in trying to not only fix the problem, but contain the problem."
Electric utility FirstEnergys annual revenues are greater than the GDP of Haiti, Kyrgyzstan, Iceland, or 15 African nations.
George Allen voted for 40,000 earmarks.
The Libertarian Party is the third-largest political party in the U.S.
Taxes on groceries and medicine will rise under a plan to improve roads and rail for metro Atlanta.
Says the unemployment rate for African-American youths is 59 percent.
New Glarus Brewing Co.s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin.
Says he did the very best in a recent poll in Iowa matching up each of the major Republican presidential candidates against President Barack Obama.
All legislative mail, from the content to the timing, is approved by the speakers office.
Were above 800 million Muslims radicalized, more than half the Muslims on Earth Thats not a minority. Thats now a majority.
The Trans-Texas Corridor is dead.
"If we just froze spending at 2007 levels ... by 2013 we would balance the budget ... and by 2020 we would cut the national debt in half."
Seth Magaziner plans to spend billions more of your money.
Virginias educational level among whites is higher than Georgias.
Says the Donald J.Trump Foundations money is his money.
Its been nearly three weeks since the president has commented on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals.
On allowing Shelby Countys schools merger commission to finish work before allowing any new merger legislation.
[Hillary Clinton]s not trusted -- virtually at all.
The Republicans just voted last year to end Medicare.
A proposed U.S. Labor Department rule for children working on farms would even ban youth from operating a battery-powered screwdriver or a pressurized garden hose.
Under Hosni Mubaraks rule, Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel.
Says the typical homeowner will pay $4 more per month if library district passes.
Probably less than 4 percent of Wisconsin residents are enjoying the subsidies from Obamacare.
8 Syrians caught at Texas border in Laredo.
Every other democracy in the world has a health care system that covers everybody, and we don't.
Says Tom Nelson backed higher taxes on Social Security, costing Wisconsin seniors $95 million.
The U.S. has the highest unintended pregnancy rate of any Western industrialized country.
Says Nathan Deal killed pro-gun bills in 2013.
"I do provide universal health care."
On the last night of the General Assembly, by 11 oclock 95 to 98 percent of the business was done. So we really didnt have that late-night session. We were just holding on one bill.
Says his promise of 250,000 new private sector jobs was a big goal.
Says Donald Trump always pays his bills promptly.
One would have to go back more than a century to find a scenario where a presidents nominee for the Supreme Court was confirmed by the opposition party in the Senate when the vacancy occurred during an election year.
More than three women per day lose their lives at the hands of their partners.
Ninety percent of people living in Gaza dont have access even to water.
Says Rick Perry and the Republican-controlled Texas Legislature managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire departments in our state by 75 percent in the last legislative session, reducing their abilities to fight recent wildfires.
Says Scott Walker wants to make abortion illegal, even in cases of rape, incest or to protect the life of the mother.
The Seattle Times called Patty Murray a prolific sponsor of earmarks. Patty even defended the Bridge to Nowhere.
Theres going to be a slowdown and delays in flights as a result of the sequester.
Virginia now is the number one exporter of (agricultural) products to Cuba. We have now jumped to number one.
There are more members of the U.S. Senate than the number of WI families who would benefit from GOP estate tax break.
New Jersey has the second highest rate of institutionalization of people with developmental disabilities in America. Only Texas puts more of its citizens -- confines more of its citizens -- to institutions than New Jersey.
The spillover violence (from Mexico) in Texas is real and it is escalating.
Says of Mitch McConnell,What can happen in 30 years? A senator can become a multi-millionaire in public office.
Paula Deen supported and campaigned for Barack Obama.
In Virginia, Medicaid has grown by 1,600 percent in the last 30 years.
Russia and China absolutely said clearly they would not keep economic sanctions on Iran if the United States walked away from the deal.
Says Mitt Romneys plan rolls back regulations on banks.
If Austin voters reject Proposition 1, a completely new City-run criminal background check process will cost millions in processing fees, additional staff, and bureaucracy with taxpayers getting the bill.
Many of (Hillary Clintons) friends took bigger deductions (than me). Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. (George) Soros, who is a friend of hers, took a massive deduction.
Says, Carl proposed a windfall tax on real estate development when he was a Metro Councilor.
Says 93 percent of blacks in America are killed by other blacks.
Bill Nelson voted for higher taxes 150 times.
Charges on the Republican Party of Florida credit card were made with my money.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin proposed a $3.9 trillion tax increase -- a tax increase so extreme that even Nancy Pelosi voted against it.
We have the fourth highest in-state tuition for public universities in the country.
The president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and Israel.
Says Debo Adegbile was nominated to serve as a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and was abruptly withdrawn by the administration.
Pls refer to Jan.1 tax changes appropriately: theyre OBAMA TAX HIKES theyll slam every Americans savings, investments job opportunity
Rep. Paul Hodes, D-N.H., voted for the pork-filled stimulus bill -- $1.9 million to study ants in Africa, $39 million for office upgrades for politicians.
Says Paul Workman voted in the Democrat primary, supporting Democrats with his vote.
"In April, Sen. McCain came out against helping women earn equal pay for equal work."
As attorney general, I have prosecuted judges, district attorneys and other public officials across Texas who violated that (public) trust, who have been corrupted.
Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax.
Macys sent a letter to Rick Perry urging him to veto equal pay bill.
Because of Democratic tax hikes, New Jersey ended a decade with fewer private sector jobs for the first time in recorded history.
Says Mitt Romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children.
Austin is the biggest city in America with a Tier One research university (UT-Austin) but without a medical school.
In Rhode Island, a recent study showed that among a group of people who had been homeless for a year or more, Medicaid costs averaged about $60,000 per person.
On protecting Social Security benefits and changing the retirement age.
Legally, it doesnt make any difference which state district you live in when running for Congress.
Says his tax and fee cuts will save households $540 over two years.
Baseball and insurance are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws.
The health care law includes tort reform.
Says women care most about jobs and the economy
McCain tells of a fellow Vietnam POW who was beaten for fashioning an American flag that became an inspirational symbol to fellow POWs.
Mt. Hood Community College is No. 1 on average and top faculty pay and benefits.
If the U.S. stops adding to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, it "will lessen worldwide demand for oil" and reduce prices.
Says 600,000 to 700,000 government workers have been laid off in the last year and a half
Says President Barack Obama added $6.5 trillion to the national debt in his first term, more than the $6.3 trillion added by the previous 43 presidents combined.
I cast the deciding vote extending Medicaid health care coverage to 50,000 of our fellow citizens,
McCain "voted to cut education funding, against accountability standards. He even proposed abolishing the Department of Education."
New Jersey alone, my home state, is facing a ten-and-a-half billion dollar shortfall in its 2012 fiscal budget. This means more cuts in state and local spending for education, which means our kids are hurt.
Says that as president, Barack Obama has not gone to the Texas-Mexico border
Today, the deficit is below the average deficits over the past 40 years.
Says approximately 70 percent of jobs created in the United States in November 2007-2008 were in Texas.
Were not allowed to read it (the Trans-Pacific Partnership) before representatives vote on it.
Our average private sector employee pays 23 percent for their health care. Our average city worker in Ohio pays 9 percent.
Says Republicans have declared that theyre going to convert the Medicare program into a voucher program.
A recent report from the presidents deficit commission was completely empty on controlling health care costs.
New financial regulation "actually guarantees future bailouts of Wall Street banks."
Bill Nelsons vote for the Affordable Care Act cuts $500 billion from Medicare to pay for new government programs.
Congress is on a five-week vacation.
The American people dont want us to raise taxes.
Says U.S.-Mexico border has 1 million legal border crossings each and every day.
Given the results of the primary, the vote of one New Hampshire superdelegate is equal to the votes of about 10,000 grassroots activists.
"Rick Scott's even saying he wants more offshore drilling."
Says more Austinites voted in the citys 1973 election featuring a mayors race than in the citys most recent mayoral election.
The voting public had no say in the Atlanta regions proposed transportation project list.
Experts say the property tax is the most harmful to economic growth and . . . the sales tax is least harmful.
TriMet is spending 4.2 million in fed funds to save $168K per year.
A 2011 measure passed into law with Wendy Davis support removes from the attorney general the ability to settle lawsuits just like the school funding case.
Peachtree and Pine is one of the leading sites for tuberculosis in the nation.
"(McCain) was opposed to ethanol. Now he's for it."
Cancer and matters to do with kidney failure kill more people in Kenya today than malaria, tuberculosis and AIDS combined.
Rhode Islands teen binge drinking rate is double the national average.
As President George W. Bushs trade representative, Portman failed to address Chinas currency manipulation, which was inflated to as much as 40 percent in 2006.
Medicaid patients were 97 percent more likely to die than those with private insurance.
Rick Scotts company is partners with Playboy in a social networking website that has community pages specifically geared towards gay dating.
Demand for public transportation is reaching record levels in Wisconsin.
Says Many people Ive talked to are angry that because of City Hall inaction we may have to spend a needless $500 million to cover and treat our pure drinking water.
The Katy Freeway, or Interstate 10 west of Houston, is the widest freeway in the world, with up to 26 lanes, including frontage road lanes.
The majority of Austinites rent the places they live.
This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration. There are a million people a year who legally immigrate to the United States.
When Moammar Gadhafi was set to visit the United Nations, and no one would let him stay in New York, Trump allowed Gadhafi to set up an elaborate tent at his Westchester County (New York) estate.
Even Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the public when he was running for president ...
Weve seen in this last year tremendous things happening, including our unemployment rate come down 2 percentage points.
Large phone companies and their trade association have hired 35 registered lobbyists to influence and pass SB 271 (deregulation legislation).
Forty-seven percent of (members of Congress) are millionaires.
Hes been in office nearly four years now, but 40% of Wisconsinites dont know who (U.S. Sen.) Ron Johnson is.
New England already has access to ample supplies of natural gas.
Says a question about his financial skills at the CNBC debate included discredited attacks from Democrats and my political opponents.
Today there are more men and women out of work in America than there are people working in Canada.
"Iraq is costing each household about $100 a month."
Our jobless rate, our unemployment rate, is the lowest of all of the big cities in New Jersey.
Crime in Atlanta is down 18 percent since 2009.
Says there are $500 billion in Medicare cuts required to pay for this flawed [health care law].
Obama said (the individual mandate) wasnt a tax.
Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland voted to uphold D.C.s ban on handguns.
Between 1990 and 2013, the maternal mortality rate for women in the U.S. has increased by 136%.
Since I took office, weve created 76,800 jobs.
We have 33,000 people a year who die from guns.
"If there were not derivatives, there would be no bank loans at all today."
Rep. Robert Hurt voted again today to end Medicare and raise health care costs for Virginia seniors.
Ted Strickland destroyed Ohio jobs when he busted the budget.
Democrats plan to keep student loan interest rates low by raising taxes on small businesses, very small businesses the kinds of small businesses that give jobs to graduates.
U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston spent our tax dollars on thousands of wasteful earmarks.
Even members of the NRA, when they were polled recently, were under the impression that everyone has a criminal background check.
A Congressional Budget Office report says President Barack Obamas executive order to raise the minimum wage for new federal contract workers will cost the economy 500,000 jobs.
The Democrats are responsible for the swift, mindless drawdown of a military that was generations in the making.
The national unemployment rate has been above 8 percent for a record 36 months.
Says Marco Rubio didnt show up for a vote on his own bill on sanctions against Hezbollah.
Under a public health care option, 120 million Americans will lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government-run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost-effective for them to drop coverage.
A cashier earning $20,000 per year pays the same (Virginia) income tax rate as a hedge fund manager earning $20 million per year.
"It (Georgia) was one of the earliest Christian nations. The king of then-Georgia in the third century converted to Christianity."
In the Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, none of the candidates mentioned the middle class or education.
Says Romney invested in a firm that made goods in China that could have been made here in America.
Hydrogen sulfide . . . [was] used in the genocide of Jews in Germany.
More than half of our unemployed Ohioans have been out of work for six months or more.
Says five Democratic state senators were for her bicycle tailgating bill before they were against it.
Theres not a single, solitary example that signing the bill to end Glass-Steagall had anything to do with the financial crash.
On support for the Export-Import Bank
92 percent of President Barack Obamas administration has never worked outside government.
Says U.S. Senate opponent Ron Johnson is opposed to all government-assisted student loans.
In Cuyahoga County ... 56 percent of weekend voters in 2008 were African American while adult African Americans comprise 28 percent of the county population.
"We can prevent terror suspects from boarding an airplane, but the FBI doesn't have the power to block them from buying dynamite or an AK-47."
Wisconsin Republicans repealed a statewide fair pay law that made sure women are treated fairly on the job.
Under a proposed Georgia law, women who miscarry could become felons.
Since 2000, when he entered politics, Jon Husted has been on the ballot six times for three different political offices.
Georgia has some of the highest gas taxes in the Southeast but one of the lowest taxes on gasoline for transportation in the nation.
(Paul Ryan) has actually proposed three total, three bills that have become law in his entire career dating back to 1999.
Only the State of New York spends more money on Medicaid than the State of New Jersey.
Cantors campaign spent more at steakhouses than Brat spent on his entire campaign.
"The average South Korean is3 inches taller than the average North Korean, a huge gulag."
We cut property taxes by one-third.
Some of the colleges, including AM, have already guaranteed that they will not increase their tuition.
Austin was the site of the first mass shooting in the country.
Says President Obama has fired more cruise missiles than all other Peace Prize winners combined.
More than one-quarter of Americas young adults are too fat to serve in the U.S. military
Van Jones is an avowed, self-avowed radical revolutionary communist.
New Castle Countys unemployment rate has not almost doubled in the last two years.
Says he balanced the budget without raising taxes.
(Sen. Robert) Gordon cost us money, exempting the Newark sports arena from paying property taxes and sticking us with the bill.
Says Bruce Braley threatened to sue a neighbor over chickens that came onto (his) property.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in his budget repair bill is showing that no stone goes unturned as he asks everyone to tighten their belts.
"McCain used to buck his party on immigration by fighting for comprehensive reform. . . . But when he was running for his party's nomination, he . . . said that he wouldn't even support his own legislation if it came up for a vote."
President Obama and Democrats spending addiction has driven our national debt to historic proportions, maxed out our national credit card and has now led to the Democrat Downgrade of our countrys AAA credit rating.
The FBI is involved in an investigation about people in the Rio Grande Valley who are using cocaine to buy votes.
Says Marco Rubio wrote and passed bipartisan legislation allowing the VA to fire negligent workers.
Says Romney and Bain Capital drove KB Toys into bankruptcy by loading it up with debt.
In Florida, the number of voters who now register as other has grown by a million in the last 10 years. Compare that with the Democrats, who only grew by 300,000 and the Republicans who grew by just 200,000.
We havent passed a budget in more than three years and not a single appropriations bill has been brought to the floor this year.
Were practically not allowed to use coal any more. What do we do with our coal? We ship it to China and they spew it in the air.
There is a 34 percent increase in violent crime in the state of California. And thats just within the last year.
Marco Rubio says Solo Ingles (English only).
Goldman Sachs was Barack Obama's "No. 1 private contributor."
Say this biennium, liquor sales account for nearly $1 billion in the state budget.
A clear majority of Americans support removing the cost-sharing requirement for prescription contraceptive coverage.
Says he voted for even stronger protections (in the Violence Against Women Act)than Obamas agenda will allow.
"Early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return their census forms."
The church Barack Obama belongs to only admits black people.
Ben Bernanke has been the most inflationary chairman in the history of the Federal Reserve.
"Bill Young uses his campaign money for, among other things, a luxury car."
Before taking executive action on immigration, President Obama stated 22 times that he does not have the authority to change immigration laws on his own.
Says excise taxes are...disproportionately burdening middle- and lower-income consumers.
Georgia still has one of the richest programs in terms of scholarships for students to go to college.
In order to pass the CRCT in Georgia, you simply have to get half of the answers correct.
Human error, such as skipping a community in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race, is common in (the vote-tabulation) process.
At Twin River, were more than competitive with nearby casinos in slot machine payouts.
Understand, this is unemployment insurance. Its not welfare, as a lot of my Republican colleagues like to suggest it is. You pay into it when youre working. You get help when youre not.
The substitute budget now adds in tax breaks and tax deductions for those who buy these prisons.
"The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children."
Donald Trump has described Hillary Clinton as one of the best secretaries of state in history.
A scheduled speech by President Barack Obama will be the first time an American president has spoken directly to the nation's school children about persisting and succeeding in school.
With this reform, every insured American gets valuable consumer protections, and every uninsured American can become insured.
Under President Barack Obamas jobs bill, you can sue if you are unemployed and dont get the job and think you werent hired because you are unemployed.
Rev. Wright said "that al-Qaida and the American flag were the same flags."
The average 401(k) in America of a person whos 60 years old is under $100,000.
Says Mitt Romney wants to end tax credits for wind producers.
November 2012 was a record year of turnout. More people voted before Election Day using absentee ballots and voting early than ever before in our history.
If you are born poor in America, we rank ninth or tenth in our citizens ability to climb up through that ladder and get themselves into the middle class.
By the time Obama took office, The Bush administration had given the car companies $13 billion and the money was now gone.
Says by reducing chronic health care costs in the State of Georgia, we can reduce the $32.8 billion lost each year due to lack of productivity and economic costs.
President Obama has declared disasters in 48 of 50 states this year.
Each vegan spares more than 100 animals every year.
The deal to raise the nations debt ceiling will directly link a debt ceiling increase to spending cuts for the first time ever.
Sixteen thousand new Internal Revenue Service agents will be empowered to enforce the new health care legislation.
The Chinese government provides their people no access to the Internet.
Sen. Clinton said "the surge of troops in Iraq was 'working.' Now.... Sen. Clinton says the surge 'has failed' and that we should 'begin the immediate withdrawal of U.S. troops.'"
Says that except for foreign policy, Ron Pauls voting record and his voting record are virtually identical.
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse.
Says the Congressional Budget Office estimates a cap-and-trade program would cost the average family the equivalent of a postage stamp a day.
On campaign contributions from electric utilities.
"Our children's safety is potentially at risk because nearly half of the apple juice consumed by our children comes from apples grown in China."
By the way, Im not raising tolls 50 percent....Jon Corzine did.
If public employees dont pay more for benefits starting April 1, 2011, the equivalent is 1,500 state employee layoffs by June 30, 2011 and 10,000 to 12,000 state and local government employee layoffs in the next two years.
Over the past three years, deep poverty has reached its highest level on record.
Pam Bonditold a group of lobbyists shell side with corporate special interests as attorney general.
Says Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
As the election tracker FiveThirtyEight has reported, whoever wins Pennsylvania will be our next President.
Says U.S. House opponent Michael Williams does not live in and has never voted in the congressional district hes seeking to represent.
The Interior Department is in charge of salmon while theyre in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them when theyre in saltwater.
The U.S.tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent, while the business tax rate in Canada is 15 percent.
Ann McLane Kuster is for a government takeover of health care more radical than Obamacare. And she supports a $700 billion cut to Medicare for current retirees.
Last year we spent more than $40 billion on highways. And Lord knows we need that. But thats more than we spent on Amtrak in its entire 40-year history.
You cannot get (Ebola) from just riding on a plane or bus.
Deer baiting, planned for Block Island by DEM, is illegal in Rhode Island.
Liberty University students were mandated to attend Sen. Ted Cruzs presidential announcement or they would be fined.
Hundreds of thousands of (illegal immigrants are) going to state and federal penitentiaries.
Slim Jims just recently cost 99 cents but now cost $2.69.
President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry agreed to lift Irans economic and arms sanctions without any proof of change in conduct.
"President Barack Obama has deported more people in his first year in office than George W. Bush in his last year in office."
Weve seen our deficits cut by two-thirds.
Says Patrick Murphy is one of only three Democrats in the House today who voted to create the Benghazi committee.
Says Patrick Murphy embellished, according to reports, his University of Miami academic achievement.
"Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction results in 47,500 jobs. But the fact is the average American is sitting in traffic 38 hours a year."
Says Jeanne Shaheen got behind the idea of using the IRS to target American citizens for their political views.
On average, Americans spend less than 10 percent of their disposable income on food. Compare that to folks in Mexico, who spend 22 percent, China, 28 percent and Russia, 37 percent.
We lock up close to 2.4 million people in this country. Were locking up more people than China and Russia.
You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes.
In 2010 about 75 percent of child abuse and neglect reports in Oregon were made by those required to report by law.
Since Oregons prescription-only law took effect, meth lab incidents have dropped by 96 percent and meth-related arrests by 32 percent.
OShaughnessy even voted for her own personal stimulus package -- a taxpayer-funded pay raise for herself.
When Washington liberals wanted to take away our guns, Chet said no.
Because of Obamacare, over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up -- its true -- but theyve gone up slower than any time in the last 50 years.
Says Marco Rubio endorsed Obamacare for his own family.
Then, the Republican leader theatrically introduced new bills with stopgap budget language, declaring that we could stay until midnight and pass this compromise. Except under our constitution, a bill has to be read on 3 different days, so thats not possible.
"There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication."
Says Ken Cuccinelli attacked churches for helping the poor.
We have created new jobs here in Cranston -- more than 1,000.
Rhode Islands state pension system underperformed the median three out of the four years that Mr. [Frank] Caprio was in office.
Says Hillary Clinton was let off the hook for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life destroyed for doing far, far less.
Says Hillary Clinton supported and continues to support fracking.
"A filibuster has never really been successfully used against a Supreme Court justice."
North Carolinas coast is possibly the best place in (the) U.S. for an offshore windfarm.
Says Russ Feingold supported a stimulus plan that allowed a company to create 3,000 jobs in China.
Scientists are questioning the original idea that man-made global warming is what is causing the climate to change. (It is) more and more being put into question.
Says Paul Ryans budget would turn Medicare into a voucher.
Obamacare is going to increase the divorce rate.
Many states without collective bargaining, such as Arizona, Nevada and North Carolina, have far larger budget deficits than many that do, including Ohio.
Says Madison Mayor Paul Soglins stated intent when proposing that city contractors disclose private political donations was to discourage contributions to organizations with which he disagrees.
A Republican bill that would change John Doe criminal investigations is creating exceptions in the law for politicians.
Says we allow more people into America legally than all other countries on the planet combined.
By the end of 2015, more than 1,300 people will have died on Georgia roads. One of out evey four fatalities resulted from drunken driving.
Providence is one of the busiest fire departments for its relative size in the country.
Says Chris Christie instituted an Internet sales tax.
Obama "refused to not only put his hand on his heart during the Pledge of Allegiance, but refused to say the pledge."
I started the whole year as a senior on the University of Illinois football team and led the team in interceptions and tackles from defensive back.
In Wisconsin, 98 percent of all small businesses will qualify for income-tax relief under my plan, freeing them to expand and create jobs.
The Democratic Party is getting smaller and smaller and smaller.
Says Hillary Clintons been very clear where she stands on trade.
Says to Hillary Clinton, You heard what I said about (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), and all of a sudden you were against it.
On the status of illegal immigrants
A new presidential helicopter is now going to cost as much as Air Force One.
An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views.
(Jack Kingston) had more earmarks at one time than every member of the Georgia delegation put together.
You see 34 people (are) murdered every single day by gunfire in America.
One of the most troubling aspects of the Rubio-Schumer Gang of Eight bill was that it gave President Obama blanket authority to admit refugees, including Syrian refugees, without mandating any background checks whatsoever.
I stopped requesting earmarks in 2008.
Says Donald Trump bans disabled veterans from his high rise.
Youre more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas thanfind in-person voter fraud.
Once again, a police officer has been killed with an illegal gun from Georgia a state that last year did the NRAs bidding and weakened its already lax gun laws.
Georgia has one of the nations highest jet fuel taxes.
On whether the federal government should set a minimum wage
In 2015 roughly 10,000 political arrests occurred in Cuba. That is five times as many as occurred in 2010, when there were only about 2,000.
Obama's proposed budget doubles the debt in five years, triples it in 10 years.
Of the states that have a lieutenant governor, many are currently discussing the need for such an obsolete office.
Since 2010, eight children in Georgia have died due to vehicular heatstroke.
Every day, 34 Americans are murdered with guns.
Says Bill Nelson sold agricultural land for home development, pocketing at least $1.4 million.
Says John Kerry is the first secretary of state to rely primarily on a government account.
U.S. troops are getting only 4 hours of Ebola training before deployment to Liberia.
Says eight Americans died in a knife attack at a Minnesota mall.
Says he has engaged in the political process only in the past decade.
One thing that is much more unpopular than the Affordable Care Act is repealing the Affordable Care Act.
Says carpet bombing means bombing not a city, but the location of the troops, with embedded special forces to direct the air power.
A little-known unit of the Department of Justice, the Community Relations Service, was deployed to Sanford, FL, following the Trayvon Martin shooting to help organize and manage rallies and protests against George Zimmerman.
The CIA paid two psychologists $81 million to develop and run their torture program.
[N]early one in three primary care doctors are forced to limit the number of Medicare patients they see.
Says Marco Rubios proposed college affordability overhaul would specifically benefit for-profit colleges.
On Obama, "The press warns the 'Taxman Cometh.'"
Human trafficking is the third-biggest criminal enterprise in the world.
Too many tattoos on visible body parts keepsome applicants out of the military.
You lie! (in response to President Obama saying health reform would not insure illegal immigrants.)
Tax increases could come into play as a result of the debt ceiling deal.
Says President Barack Obama said that if he doesnt turn the economy around after three years in office, hell be a one-term president.
President Barack Obama has weakened the respect for America abroad.
"The fact is it's not amnesty."
I was able to go and buy an automatic weapon Most people can go out and buy an automatic weapon.
After my first year as governor, I was one of the most unpopular governors, maybe the most unpopular governor in the country. ... It changed.
The Democrats plan to raise your tax rates to 70 or 80 percent.
A lot of the move to free the slaves ... did not come from the federal government. It came from a growing movement among the people, particularly people of faith.
Says many public-employee unions falsely told their Wisconsin members his budget-repair bill sought 12 percent to 13 percent of their incomes for health insurance premiums.
$3 billion over the next five years will be taken out of our public schools and be put into vouchers.
Says Hillary Clintons energy agenda will cost the U.S. economy over $5 trillion
Republican state lawmakers are refusing to give the people of their own states their own tax dollars back in the form of (expanded) Medicaid.
Says Fran DeWines made-from-scratch dinner rolls are a delicious favorite in a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.
California has more kids in poverty ... than virtually any other state.
The Obama-GOP compromise raises taxes, it raises the death tax.
Says Jeb Bush once held $1 million in family planning grants hostage until the programs receiving the money agreed not to discuss birth control at all.
The R.I. Turnpike and Bridge Authority was supposed to exist only until the bonds used to build the Newport Bridge were paid off through tolls. Once the bonds were paid, the Newport Bridge was to be transferred to the State of Rhode Island and become toll-free.
Over the last two years since President Obama has taken office, the federal government has added 200,000 new federal jobs.
On unemployment rates: We have counties in Southwest Virginia that are well into double digits and some that are pushing 20 percent.
Says that President Obama said that Small Businesses Succeed Because of Government.
Because of the Trans-Pacific Partnership weve got a country like Malaysia taking really serious efforts to crack down on human trafficking.
Says Ron Johnson supported a plan to cut benefits and raise the retirement age for Social Security.
"Mitt Romney says the next president doesn't need foreign policy experience."
The GOP health care plan "would allow health insurance companies to continue engaging in unfair and discriminatory practices like denying coverage to people because of a pre-existing medical condition."
Says we brought crime rate down by 30 percent when he was mayor of Dallas.
In K-12 education, our kids are scoring at the bottom of science and mathematics right now in the industrialized world -- at the bottom.
Royalties foroil and other energy sources are the "second-largest revenue source to the federal government after the IRS."
The No. 2 owner of Fox News is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who said, A strong American Government is not good for us.
Says the Congressional Budget Office said unemployment could top 9 percent in 2013
Sen. Sanders did vote five times against the Brady bill.
I have never supported cap and trade.
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office concluded ObamaCare will cost the U.S. more than 800,000 jobs.
There are prototype cars that get between 100 and 150 miles per gallon and "we could have those cars in your garages in a couple of years."
30,000 Arizonans may have no choice on Affordable Care Act coverage.
There are corporations in this nation, some of the biggest corporations in this nation, who do not pay taxes.
Says Virginia House Republicans are sacrificing $5 million a day in U.S. funds by refusing to expand Medicaid.
I represent the fourth-poorest (congressional) district in the nation.
Ohios lost more jobs in March than any other state in the nation.
Says Patrick Murphy wrongly conveyed Rubios stance on abortion for women infected by Zika.
A recent drop in the unemployment rate is questionable because it was calculated over two days of the Thanksgiving week.
In his first TV interview as president, Obama said we should talk to Iran.
"I have never voted for a tax increase."
Says U.S. Reps. Phil Gingrey and Jack Kingston have even changed votes to what I voted, multiple times.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on dividends, a move that would crash the stock market.
(Environmentalists) said Were only going to stop coal mining above 2,000 feet. ... Well guess where all the coal in the state of Tennessee is? Above 2,000 feet.
Proof of citizenship isnt necessary before you register to vote in Florida.
Says that with President Obamas re-election, state and federal income tax rates for some taxpayers will rise to roughly 65 percent.
Say Portland Public Schools central administration makes up less than 4 percent of the staff.
Says Mitt Romney has changed his position on supporting the TARP program.
If President Barack Obama strikes a nuclear deal with Iran, the next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time.
The St. Norbert College/Wisconsin Public Radio poll has been wrong in almost every election.
President Obama has no plan to reduce the deficit, let alone pay down the debt.
Wisconsins Government Accountability Board wanted to consider Mickey Mouse and Adolf Hitler as valid signatures on recall petitions.
Theres just one piece of legislation that is now law with Sen. Ted Cruzsname on it.
An effort to repeal voting-reform legislation would be the first time in Ohio history where a bill has been passed to stop a referendum.
"They (Clinton and Obama) have never to my knowledge been involved in legislation nor hearings nor engagement on this issue (climate change)."
McCain "said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars."
One third of all federal prisoners today are illegal immigrants.
Says under the Senate immigration bill, newly legalized immigrants will pay every tax possible, but you dont get a single benefit for 10 years.
Each Georgia taxpayer would have to send $5,000 to the treasury to cover the states debt.
Says Mitt Romney wrote that if Social Security was done in the private sector, it would be called criminal.
A record number of Hispanics were elected to the U.S House of Representatives...
Theyve seen employer-supported coverage increase in Massachusetts after this law (Romneycare) was implemented.
A state bill would end a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks -- and block injured citizens from suing over neglected maintenance.
Miller Brewing is not a U.S. company any more. Neither is Anheuser-Busch.
An Iowa policy "provides for a state round up of Iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus."
Says proposed teacher contract would layer on more restrictive rules.
Weve got 40 years of study now that show that, with a good preschool start, youre less likely to be on public dole, youre less likely to be in prison.
Congress as a whole is less popular than its been since polling was invented.
Abortionists have reduced our black population by more than 25 percent since 1973.
Weve had 11,000 attempts to amend the Constitution since 1789.
Inspections of abortion centers around Virginia have found multiple violations of parental consent laws but Gov. Terry McAuliffe and his administration have done nothing.
Says gubernatorial recall candidate Tom Barrett supported passage of Gov. Scott Walkers bill stripping collective bargaining of state employees.
Says he opposed the presidents decision to go into Iraq in 2003.
The Federal Reserve system has presided over about a 95... percent decline in the U.S. dollar.
Numbers on illegal immigrants "are down in terms of apprehensions, which indicates fewer illegal crossings, but also up in terms of actual enforcement actions."
Obama "wants a windfall profits tax on oil to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas."
If you will go look up the definition of act of God, weve used it in legal terms for a long time in this state.
President Obama gave Egypts Muslim Brotherhood one and a half billion dollars.
Says Donald Trump promised to take care of everybody (through government-run healthcare and) the governments going to pay for it.
Says professional football coach Rex Ryan won championships in New York.The AFC, I think, twice.
Says Hillary Clinton wants sanctuary cities.
"Health reform eliminates co-pays, deductibles, and other costs for preventative care and provides for free annual wellness checkups starting next year."
Says according to the FBI, more people are killed each year with hammers and clubs than rifles.
Says Rick Scott cut education by $1.3 billion in his first year, then in his second year he decreases funding by $300 million to our state universities.
Says he took down the mob in Northeast Ohio
The state of New York is the worst in the nation in economic recovery.
Says he invested over $100 million in worker training.
Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, skipped an important VA reform hearing to attend three fundraisers.
Says CIA Director George Tenet told the Bush administration that the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack was coming. So they did have advanced notice.
Says Hillary Clinton doesnt believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self-defense.
Says Jennifer Horn, chairwoman of the N.H. Republican Party, owes $92,000 in back taxes.
Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world.
Barack Obamas health care bill is nothing new. Mitt Romney signed one just like it four years before.
Says that hes responsible for Austinincluding Anderson Mill Road in the citys proposed transportation bond package.
Says the Department of Defense changed its definitions of al-Qaeda and the Taliban making it so almost anybody can be loosely associated with the groups.
Art Robinson says Social Security should be ended through attrition.
Tide gauges measuring sea level in Rhode Island since 1930 have risen maybe about 10 inches since that time.
Unlike Benghazi, there were no investigations of the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, none about key aspects of the 9/11 attacks and the Iraq War, and none about embassy attacks under George W. Bush.
$360 million of our tax dollars went straight to ... the Taliban.
On whether he supports 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell.'
A Census Bureau worker says he was told to skew information to bring the unemployment rate down as we headed into an election season.
The 2012 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that up to half of daily marijuana smokers become addicted -- an estimated 2.7 million people in the U.S.
When I started in Ohio it was terrible. Now, were getting bipartisan support for our bills. And thats called leadership.
Says Gov. Chris Christies decision to close the Elizabeth MVC saved no money.
Sixty percent of New Jersey doctors do not accept Medicaid patients.
As a Congressman, J.D. Hayworth was an avid earmarker who supported such pork as $220,000 to renovate a Maine Blueberry farm and $5.8 million for a Vermont snowmobile trail.
Says cities save an estimated $38 in dental costs for every $1 invested in fluoridation.
"At least Obama didn't marry his cousin," as Giuliani did.
Gov. (Rick) Perry helped balance his budget with about $6 billion worth of federal help, which he happily took, and then started blaming the members of Congress who had offered that help.
President Obama came to Ohio 12 times to try to defeat me and guess what? He didnt win.
If you look up the dictionary definition of happiness at the time of our founders happiness was not doing what you want to do but doing what you ought to do.
Amendment 2 on medical marijuana won a higher percentage of the vote than the last six Florida governors, including Jeb Bushs 2002 landslide.
Health care is the greatest contribution to spending increases in the state budget.
The Buffett rule raises virtually no money, maybe a day and a half of our borrowing per year.
Romneycare was model for Obamacare.
The Providence Economic Development Partnership . . .which you [Cicilline] chaired, loaned $103,000 in taxpayer funds to one of your campaign workers. The worker never paid back the loan.
The $290 million structural surplus in the 2011-13 Wisconsin budget is not real because it is based on the assumption that Congress will reinstate the estate tax.
Were paying out-of-state residential facilities hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not more, to house children in state custody
The per-pupil cost in the [Blackstone Valley Prep] Mayoral Academy far outweighs the per-pupil cost in Cumberland public schools.
Before April 22, we have restored the rights of more than 18,000 individuals, which is more than the past seven governors combined in their four-year terms.
In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%.
Superdelegates have never been a determining factor in who our nominee is since theyve been in place since 1984.
Says the Republican state convention is actually larger than the Republican National Convention.
In his book, (Ken) Cuccinelli questions whether Medicare and Social Security should exist.
There are 500 million Internet users and 80 million bloggers who are driving discussions in China. So youve got a lot of people voicing frustration and discontent.
My son had to resign his job because of federal regulations that Washington has put on us.
The Senate health care bill "would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."
More Americans receive food aid than work in (the) private sector.
Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half.
Some of our states educational administrators joined the feds in seeking to mandate Arabic classes for Texas children.
Between 1980 and 2010, water usage in Georgia dropped even as the states population grew.
The General Assembly has no explicit constitutional authority to impose income, sales, estate and the myriad of other taxes upon us.
A Wisconsin bill to limit use of food stamps for junk food would also prevent -- or limit -- the extent to which food stamps could be used for organic foods.
The newly proposed House Republican budget abolishes Medicare within 10 years.
Says George LeMieux falsely attacked Marco Rubio.
There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years.
Health insurance costs for Floridians are up 30 percent or more.
Says Lamar Smith sponsored the bill that funded Obamacare.
The LGBT community is more often the victims of hate crimes than any other recognized group.
"Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon."
Says Mitt Romneys carried interest income was a tax trick.
Since ObamaCare and the stimulus passed, the unemployment rate in the U.S. has increased.
Each day our nation pays communist China $73.9 million in interest on our debt.
Sen. Jim Webb persists on negating Sen. Mark Warners votes
Rhode Island has a very generous unemployment compensation rate compared to most other states.
Says she called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight early on in the financial crisis.
There is a constitutional issue that affects the paychecks of members of Congress during a shutdown.
Says Obama has flip-flopped on public campaign financing.
The Obama administration originally wanted 10,000 troops to remain in Iraq -- not combat troops, but military advisers, special operations forces, to watch the counterterrorism effort.
ICE just endorsed me.
Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
Ronald Reagans signature on the 1986 amnesty act gave Barack Obama about 15 million additional Hispanic votes in 2012.
Nevada lawmakers permanently cut taxes for over 95 percent of Nevadas businesses.
Says Texas U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions said the GOPs goal is to go back to the same exact policies that were in place before this president took office... policies that crashed the economy.
Says Donald Trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care.
Neighborhoods have become more violentunder President Barack Obamas watch.
Obama admin gutted @ProjChildSafe budget to provide trigger locks and safety kits.
Says the Defense Department shrink-wrapped $10.8 billion in American money, loaded it on 175 pallets and put it on a transport plane to Iraq where they passed out $100 bills and no one has any receipts.
Says he stood up to his own party by voting against the budget to stop runaway government spending.
Democrats very much are in the pocket of the NRA.
Floridas proposed amendment for medical marijuana would allow people who alleged minor ailments such as muscle spasms, neck pain, back pain and even menstrual cramps (to qualify) for government-sanctioned pot-smoking.
Some doctors say Ebola can be transmitted through the air by a sneeze or some cough.
We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care.
On support for Ronald Reagans policies
Says Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garlandvoted, so the folks know, in Washington, D.C., to keep guns away from private citizens.
Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right and never said it had to be between a man and a woman.
Says Alex Sink supported more taxes on water and TV.
More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history.
Says the money is in the budget to give a tax break to everyone, including people making more than $1 million.
Says Dan Patrick has called immigration into Texas an invasion and said immigrants coming into Texas bring third-world diseases.
Harry Reid voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders.
The average time someone used to hold a share of stock back in the 60s was eight years. Now, the average time is four months.
Since 1904, the Ohio victor has won the presidency 25 out of 27 times
Under Obamacare, members of Congress are required to purchase their health insurance from the new exchanges.
While fat-cat bureaucrats at the Department of Education are getting paid an average salary of $102,000 a year, teachers in Georgia are getting paid half of that.
Says Chris Christie was behind in the polls against Jon Corzine during the 2009 governors race.
Says Donald Trump spent the least amount of money of any of the competitive primary contenders that he beat so badly.
We spend half a trillion dollars a year in tax preparation.
For [GM] to pay back everything it owes, it would have to sell its shares at $143 a share . . . where the highest value of a General Motors share ever was $43, $44, $46, whatever the dollars were . . .
Theres 21 congressmen and senators that have been convicted of felonies that still get their retirement, even in jail. They dont have to wait until theyre 65.
Says Mitt Romney said at a January 2012 debate that under Paul Ryans tax plan, Id have paid no taxes in the last two years.
Polls show Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to Obamacare, especially the individual mandate.
The House of Delegates budget bill cuts $50 million from education.
In Texas, we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools.
A telecom bill could keep the State Corporation Commission from getting rate-of-return information from electric utilities.
Portland Public Schools invites well-paid, well-fed school bureaucrats, administrators, teachers, other staff, non-needy students, affluent parents of students, and other adults, including on the other extreme the adult homeless, illegal aliens, fanatical Muslim terrorists, or drug addicted street people, to enjoy cheap breakfasts in taxpayer-paid school facilities amidst school children.
"McCain lobbied for (a) $10-million pork project honoring conservative justice."
We have been confronted with an unexpected storm that has hit the metropolitan area.
Says pension contributions under Gov. Chris Christie would represent 75 percent of the total contribution made between the years 1995 and 2010. Thats right, in 15 years, total state contribution was only $2.1 billion.
The water quality in the ocean is perfect. Its been tested up and down every ocean shore in New Jersey.
I balanced the budget for four straight years, paid off $405 billion in debt.
Greg Abbott did nothing to pursue reports of the sexual abuse of boys at a West Texas state-run school.
The governor must inform the Senate president about his or her absence from the state.
A majority of Americans since Harry Truman days support single-payer health insurance, or full Medicare for all.
The Benghazi probe is the longest-running congressional investigation ever.
Says Jeb Bush extended early voting after seeing long lines.
Says President Barack Obama thinks Americans are lazy.
A measure to repeal the states prevailing wage law would make it easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for Wisconsin construction jobs through an illegal worker loophole in the state budget.
Almost 400 arrests in the city last year for panhandling-related offenses involved just 78 suspects, an indication that the same people are panhandling over and over.
We have asked public employees to pay 10 percent of the costs of their guaranteed pension and 15 percent of the cost of their health care. ... The leadership of those public employees unions dont want to pay anything.
(T)he United States government and its Constitution says that people can be put to death.
A law was passed, apparently in the Clinton administration, about whether, in recruiting offices Marines or other military should be able to have guns. Apparently it is prohibited.
We had the Democratic Governors Association and the Obama political machine come into a Republican primary to try and rig the election by spending $1 million against me in the last couple of days.
Stimulus money funded a government board that made recommendations that would cost 378,000 jobs and $28.3 billion in sales.
There are cities and counties in Georgia that dont have websites, and where elected officials dont have email addresses.
I never was in favor of shutting down the government. (I) voted to fund the government fully.
United States students are achieving at number 25 out of 29 developing countries when it comes to science and math.
Says North Carolina is home of the largest military installations in the world.
In Libya, America spent $2 billion total and didnt lose a single life.
20 percent of the time (smart guns) wont work.
If you look at the income of average Americans...theyre absolutely flat in constant dollars since 1979.
The Rhode Island Parole Board never received an objection from the attorney general to the parole of convicted murder Alfred Brissette.
Guantanamo has never been a key component of ISIS or al-Qaida propaganda.
Rep. Adam Putnam was silent when Rush Limbaugh called Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
George Allens flat tax plan would actually shrink revenues further thanthe Perry (flat tax) plan.
Right now, Texas doesnt have an income tax and Oklahomas lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high.
Sarah Palin "has had 12 years of elected office experience."
Marco Rubio has the No. 1absentee record in the United States Senate.
If your plan is the result of collective bargaining, no subsequent changes by anybody -- insurance companies, Obamacare -- can force your grandfathered policy to change.
Oregon has the sixth highest combined death tax rate in the country.
The man who killed a motorist who fatally struck a 2-year-old was back on the street because he had received a 13-year sentence for bank robbery but only served two years.
If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, 75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon.
Says President Barack Obama is not paying women equally by his own measures in his own White House.
Says that as a U.S. senator, Scott Brown delivered for Wall Street, saving big banks $19 billion in taxes.
The rate in which people are working (in Wisconsin) is almost five points higher than it is nationally.
If African-Americans vote their percentage of the population in 2008, "Mississippi is suddenly a Democratic state."
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Says Ann Kuster said the debate over Americas debt limit is not an important issue of the day.
ISISsends out 90,000 social (media)messages a day.
The federal government right now does not deport criminals.
Emergency rooms account for 2 percent of all health care spending.
Says Hillary Clinton said all work-related emails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI director said, thats not true.
Says Mitt Romney said he does not line up with the NRA.
Says Patrick Murphy is trying to hide his drunken assault of a police officer.
We had (a bill) in Florida where we now are prohibiting doctors to talk -- particularly pediatricians -- to talk to their patients about gun safety in the home.
Most of Ted Cruzs money comes from Washington, from outside the state of Texas.
Florida has experienced positive job growth for 39 consecutive months.
In 1992, Mitt Romney gave money to Democrats for Congress.
"AIG executives ... (took) a junket for over $400,000. Twice."
Harry Reids plan is basically giving the president a blank check.
Says he saw videotape of the people taking the money off the plane to pay ransom to Iran for hostages.
Says there have been no cases of wolves killing people in Rocky Mountain states.
Sixty-one percent of our bridges are in trouble.
"Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations."
Theres pretty much no question that [the curfew ordinances] arent effective in either reducing crime or preventing harm to young people.
Jeff Merkley was the deciding vote on Obamacare, which in Oregon has been an unmitigated disaster.
Says an unchecked Democratic Majority in Trenton is responsible for years of diversions from the states unemployment insurance trust fund.
Nathan Deal saved the HOPE scholarship program.
"The estate tax, which came into being by Republicans like Teddy Roosevelt and others ... is there for a real simple reason: In America, we've never liked the idea of massive inherited wealth."
A 5 percent increase in domestic production would increase the world supply by less than 1 percent and do almost nothing to our dependence on foreign oil. This would also have virtually no effect on the price of gas at the pump.
Every time the price of gasoline rises 1 cent, its abillion dollarsout of our economy that goes to Saudi Arabia.
I had to lay off 48 people last year, which has exacerbated the lack of law enforcement officers in the county that respond quickly to crime calls.
Today, the United States has, sadly, one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country on earth.
During the recent global warming summit in Copenhagen, Nancy Pelosi and others stayed at a five-star hotel on a trip costing nearly $10,000 per person.
Rubio admitted he "would have accepted the stimulus money."
Says Donald Trump hasnt broken his promise to release his tax returns.
"We cut taxes for 95 percent of working families."
The United States has a record number of abortions year after year after year.
Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet.
Says the first word spoken from the moon was Houston.
McCain is "selectively editing Joe Biden's words...Biden actually said about Barack Obama: 'They're gonna find out this guy's got steel in his spine.'"
Ive cut taxes for ... middle-class families, small businesses.
The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together.
Mortgage fraud is up 400 percent in the last five years.
"Bill Clinton invited him (the Rev. Wright) to the White House when he was having his personal crises."
Says Fulton County government hasnt raised its millage rate since 1991.
Under Obamacare, premiums have doubled and tripled in Wisconsin.
"We have seen hate crimes skyrocket in the wake of the immigration debate."
Connie Macks only real job in the real world was as events coordinator for Hooters!
$50,000. Thats what every child owes today because Washington politicians have run up a huge spending tab and left our kids the bill.
The United States is the only major country that taxes its own exports.
As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton laundered money to Bill Clinton through Laureate Education, while Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of the group.
The black unemployment rate (has) increased since the recovery has begun.
The Convention Center was sold as a building that would never cost taxpayers a dime.
Says about NSA data collection: Every member in both parties who served on the Intelligence Committee voted in favor of this.
Says the media distortedwhat happened with a baby at his rally.
Says only 18 percent of Portland elementary schools have art instruction compared to 83 percent nationally.
After Hurricane Katrina, Dallas and San Antonio took in 5,000 to 10,000 refugees each, but (Bill) White brought in 250,000 and put them up in his buddies empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years. They did not return to New Orleans, most of them are on welfare.
Says salaries and benefits for Wisconsin state employee comprised 8.5 percent of the 2009-2011 state budget.
Mary Burke wasted 12.5 million dollars on a vacant lot in a move that could cost taxpayers nearly $25 million.
American oil production is at its highest level since 2003.
Says David Vitter answered a prostitutes call minutes after he skipped a vote honoring 28 soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our freedom.
If Gov. Rick Scott activates the National Guard in anticipation of a federal disaster, the states costs, including the costs to recall any furloughed guardsmen, will be fully reimbursable by FEMA.
Floridas proposed medical marijuana amendment would make Florida one of the most lenient medical-marijuana states, allowing use for limitless other conditions specified by any physician.
The state government workforce grew when Tim Kaine was governor.
Says unions call Obamacare bad for workers.
President Obama budget request for veterans ismore than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third.
Seventy percent of the people in the state of New Jersey want marriage equality.
Says GOP Senate nominee Darryl Glenn said he wants to see Ted Cruz appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.
People have actually broken down the transcripts for oral arguments and (Antonin Scalia) told more jokes and got more laughs than any of the other justices.
Governors proposed budget raids K-12 school funds to grow DHS again.
According to Pew Research, 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia law.
Says Milwaukee County elected officials drive around in luxury cars on your dime.
"We spend more on health care than any other country, but we're ranked 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality."
"Thanks to you, in under one week we have the largest GOP (Facebook) page in the Governor's race!"
Says Ohio is one of just 17 states with an estate tax, and it has the lowest threshold in the nation.
[The state ethics commission] took absolutely the same percent of cuts as most other state agencies. They were somewhere in the 7 percent range same as the governors office.
I believe we should have tax on carbon and deal aggressively with climate change. That is not (Hillary Clintons)position.
Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal cuts nothing from Medicare, Social Security or defense in the next two to three years, and in three years, he does not cut one dime from the debt.
Says HillaryClintons immigration platform would create totally open borders.
Today Russia holds many of our most precious national security satellites at risk before they ever get off the ground.
Says U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson personally made over $3 million from a federal contract granted to his healthcare company, but left 9/11 first responders without the care they were promised.
In Iraq, civilian deaths, incidents of bombings, etc., remain very low relative to what was going on last year.
Like Marco Rubio, Sen. Barack Obama had one of the worst attendance records in the Senate.
Lake Erie supports nearly 10 percent of Ohios jobs and generates $750 million in state and local taxes.
State legislators quietly shifted $2 billion from education to road building in 2013.
If women seeking an abortion see their ultrasound, the odds are pretty high theyre going to keep the baby.
Gov. McAuliffes budget would raid school, other $$ 4 Obamacare in VA.
I lowered taxes over the last two years.
San Antonio is now the largest city in the United States ever to have an African American woman mayor.
Travis County is surrounded by red counties.
Says the national health care law puts federal bureaucrats between an American citizen and her doctor.
When Nancy Nusbaum was Brown County executive, spending went up nearly 50 percent.
Rhode Island Treasurer Gina Raimondo raised the mortality rate from 65 to 87 and used a 1994 annuity chart to create the pension crisis.
Says she is co-owner of Celilo Group Media.
Report: 3 million votes in presidential election cast by illegal aliens.
The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them largely have been debunked.
Says Chris Christie vetoed equal pay for women 3 times. He only let the bill pass once it became a damaging campaign issue.
Says Donald Trump believes that states should actually have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25.
In 2010, 2,694 young people were killed by gunfire. 1,773 were victims of homicide; 67 were elementary school-age children.
"I negotiated open borders to let fleeing refugees into safety from Kosovo."
The tuitions in Virginia colleges...have doubled -- 100 percent -- in the last 10 years.
The decision to cancel the trademark of the Washington Redskins is not the Patent and Trademark Office. This is Barack Obama.
Providence teachers can go five or six years without an evaluation.
I fought hard for that (state Senate) seat. I only lost by four points. I raised over $700,000.
Under the Iran nuclear deal, we give them $150 billion, we get nothing.
Says Your kid just ate 16 packs of sugar.
Says in March New Jersey was one of only eight states in the nation to lose jobs and the state with the highest loss of jobs in the nation.
Its estimated that 40 percent of all the guns that are sold in the United States occur with no background records check.
Young veterans have a higher unemployment rate than people who didnt serve.
Says Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA.
Says Scott Walker cut back early voting and signed legislation that would make it harder for college students to vote.
"I have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state."
Says Hillary Clinton wants to bring in thousands of refugees to America from all around the world without any kind of security screening.
The Georgia Senate ethics resolution doesnt define cap.
Georgia residents file the most insurance claims for lightning strikes in the country.
We have a legal immigration system in America that accepts 1 million people a year, legally. No other country in the world even comes close to that.
Says in Oregon today, the average debt upon college graduation is more than $24,000.
Thanks to (Rick) Perrys bad budgeting, the (Texas) highway department has to convert some modern paved state roads back to gravel.
Ohio is losing over 700 family farms a year, some of them just to pay the inheritance tax.
Undocumented students who qualify for in-state Oregon tuition are actively working toward U.S. citizenship.
Nearly one in five women in America has been a victim of rape or attempted rape.
Says according to recent polls,no Republican candidate is doing better against Hillary Clinton than myself.
I recently had the opportunity to vote to give the president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in Iraq and Syria.
"I investigated Abramoff and people ended up in jail."
Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek froze all those monies during the toughest years in 08-09 and refused to give the charitable dollars that he was required to give by the contract.
﻿﻿Since Mayor Kennedy OBrien took office Sayreville has issued 22,081 building permits! Now OBrien is holding secret meetings with big developers.
In 2011 alone, 269 New Jerseyans were killed by gun violence.
Ben Franklin once quipped that only two things in life were certain: death and taxes. I think even he didnt envision that the tax man would visit on the day of your death.
Go look on the West Point website and youll see those specific words, full scholarship to West Point. So even though it is, you know, given as a grant for anybody who gets in, those words are used.
Federal government reneging on Medicaid payments to Wisconsin caused about $240 million in extra costs in the 2013-15 state budget.
There are twice as many gun shops as McDonalds in the United States.
"This (SCHIP) is socialized medicine. It is going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children."
Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States.
If we keep the minimum wage at the current level, then single-parent families earning the minimum wage at a full-time job will live in poverty in New Jersey.
The presidents first major foreign policy speech in Cairo was to apologize for our country.
"Two-thirds of our economy is a consumer economy."
The Milwaukee Bucks are actually younger than the Marquette team.
Says Connie Mack failed to pay his child support.
Now remember, property taxes went up 70 percent in the 10 years before I became governor.
"NATO hasn't provided enough troops (in Afghanistan) because they are still angry about us going into Iraq."
Says our unemployment insurance trust fund is broke. Were over a billion dollars in debt to the federal government.
Paul Ryan is one of only six House Republicans who voted for Teddy Kennedys bill to force Christian employers to hire LGBT employees.
Forty percent of gross domestic product is state, local, or federal money.
During his first year, President Obama said he was going to visit Kim Jong-ll and Ahmadinejad and Assad and Chavez the worst actors in the world.
"The vast majority of the money I got was from small donors all across the country.''
The Democrat-controlled Senate, it hasnt passed a budget in more than 1,000 days.
Says U.S. Senate hopeful Tammy Baldwin voted for a $1 trillion stimulus bill that included a wasteful $800,000 to replace light bulbs.
Says Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate before voting for the Iraq war.
Thanks to the Act 10 collective bargaining law that took effect four years ago, ACT scores in Wisconsin are now second-best in the country for states where more than half the kids take the exam.
Our income, our GDP per capita, is almost 50 percent higher than (it is for) the average European.
Says Ive authored the first bipartisan tax reform bill in a quarter-century.
Many state and federal agencies have such navigators involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance.
SaysJosh Mandels campaign is under FBI investigation
Sharron Angle voted to protect sex offenders.
Says the majority of candidates in Texas 25th Congressional District live outside the district.
I have tremendous support from women.
Says theres not much evidence to suggest that people have (contributed to global warming) or can do very much to change anything.
Floridas revenue is growing at a faster rate than almost any state in the country.
A poll found that 20% of young adults use (smartphones) during sex.
Obama said he would "stand with the Muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction."
The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s.
We know that President Obama stole over $500 billion out of Medicare to switch it over to Obamacare.
A cap-and-trade bill would destroy over 50,000 jobs in Virginia.
Tells President Barack Obama that he also asked former President George W. Bush about how he felt about Americans hating him.
Says I worked with our Mayor and other commissioners to help save the school year when a budget crisis in Salem threatened to cut four weeks of the school year, including negotiating with teachers to work for free.
This is the year Florida becomes a majority minority state.
We work longer hours than any people in the industrialized world, including the Japanese.
Says Greg Abbott converted over $1 million in federal grant money intended for use to prosecute online sexual predators and other cyber crimes and instead used it to harass and prosecute senior citizens who were assisting other senior citizens in applying for mail-in ballots.
Richard Cordrays nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau marks the first time in Senate history that a political party has blocked a nomination of someone because they didnt like the construction of the agency.
Says President Barack Obamas health care law is expected to destroy 2.3 million jobs.
John McCain "is one of the few senators of either party who oppose this bill (to expand education aid for veterans) because he thinks it's too generous."
Chris Christie has led New Jersey to a record-breaking 9 credit downgrades.
I fought 38 Studios from the beginning.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker turned a $1 billion surplus into a $2.2 billion budget deficit.
After Reagan took office, "we didn't raise taxes and we didn't cut entitlements. What we did was we cut taxes."
No one was taken into custody for feeding the homeless.
Martin Luther King was a Republican.
EPA officials have commended (Koch Industries) for our commitment to a cleaner environment and called us a model for other companies.
"West has raised $2 million from those that would leave our beaches in ruins, end Social Security and Medicare, and give corporations free reign."
After Ronald Reagan cut taxes in 1981 the U.S. enjoyed exponential growth.
The party in the White House is responsible for a massive tax increase on the middle class.
If you look at the three people on the (debate) stage from the United States Senate, all three of them have a combined two bills that became law that theyve sponsored.
Polls now show a majority of Catholics favor marriage equality.
Salaries for Virginias teachers are below the national average.
The U.S. unemployment rate has remained above 8 percent for 43 consecutive months, the longest stretch since the Great Depression.
Thirty-one percent of school districts are still receiving less funding per pupil than they did prior to the dramatic budget cuts of 2011.
Fewer than 10 percent of those in the House are what anyone would classify as wealthy.
Says Rick Santorum supported (Arlen) Specter over conservative candidates twice.
Fiorinas plan would mean slashing Social Security and Medicare.
Ten years ago the Austin Water Utility used a total of 240.3 million gallons. Every summer since then our peak day of water use has been lower.
A law that mandates fingerprinting for gun purchasers is a requirement thats reduced gun crimes in the five states where its the law.
One generation ago we led the world in college graduation. Were 16th today.
The labor force participation rate -- the share of the potential workforce that is actually working or looking for work-- currently stands below 63%, the lowest level since the 1970s.
Many types of fish and shellfish from waters across the state are labeled unsafe to eat.
The incandescent light bulb has no effect whatever on the planet.
Ten times, no Republican candidate for president had enough delegates to claim the nomination before the partys convention, and seven of those times somebody who was not the leader of delegates was selected as the nominee of the party.
The president's plan, even after the end of its withdrawal timeline is reached, will leave in place up to 50,000 U.S. troops.
Says Texas does not regulate the appearance of some kinds of imitation firearms sold in Texas.
One out of 10 minimum-wage workers in the U.S. live in Texas.
Laurie Monnes Anderson voted to let violent criminals out of jail early.
Ninety-five percent of Oregonians now have health insurance coverage, tens of thousands for the very first time.
Former business partner Robert Gay says: The man who helped save my daughter was Mitt Romney.
The sales tax increase, if approved, will cost taxpayers up to $300 million per year, in perpetuity, to finance a rail system for the City of Tampa.
Among the developed nations, we are the least economically and socially mobile country in the world.
Bill Nelson voted for a ban on millions of commonly owned firearms, which included many popular hunting and target rifles.
Says that in his book, Rick Perry said that Social Security is unconstitutional.
More lives have been lost because of the war with the drug cartels in Juarez alone, just a few blocks from the United States of America, than have been lost in the war in Afghanistan.
"Marco Rubio thinks that government shouldn't be in the health care business at all."
Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV infection in the world.
Gov. Bob McDonnell launched a raid on public education to pay for roads.
During the Civil War, more than 300,000 Ohioans served in the Union Army -- more per capita than any other state.
The national debt "has gone up by $1,729,000,000 during the Isner v. Mahut match."
Ninety-six percent of the last session, (U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar) voted with Nancy Pelosi.
On sequestration
Says the city of Portland has one manager for every six front-line workers.
Georgia ranks 49th for women serving in elected state and federal offices.
We live in the most incarcerated country in the world.
Studies have consistently failed to establish the existence of a link between the harshness of a countrys drug laws and its levels of drug use.
Says President Barack Obama neversaid, No boots on the ground in Syria.
Wisconsins Supreme Court justices are deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they used to.
Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.
"Sen. Obama has never taken on his party leaders on a single major issue."
Says President Obamas grandmother in Kenya said he was born in Kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth.
We have more people working in the state of New Jersey today than weve ever had in our history.
"The first time he ever voted as a Democrat was here in Florida in 2008. He only voted four times in his life, and he's asking Floridians to come out and vote for him."
Judithanne McLauchlan was part of a group that supports imposing a state income tax on Floridians.
When I served as City Commissioner, we made great strides we successfully fought for, and won, adding women and people of color to the Fire Bureau.
The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675,000 that went to his wife.
Over 97 percent of the scientific community believe that humans are contributing to climate change.
Nevada is still a state that is 80 percent white voters.
We have lost 600,000 jobs over the period of the last 10 years. Only Michigan and California have done worse.
We have an 80 percent graduation rate in high school after spending more per student than any country in the world other than Liechtenstein, I think, or Luxembourg and a couple other small countries.
The health care bill will subsidize families of four that make more than $80,000 a year.
Says an estimate that Texas will face an $18 billion budget gap is a number that somebody just reached up in the air and grabbed."
The health care law imposes a federal mandate requiring middle-class Americans to buy health insurance whether they can afford it or not.
"The most private question on this years form asks for an individuals race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington."
On whether he would run for U.S. Senate in 2012.
Says he never said he wanted to move Social Security back to the states.
McCain called for less regulation21 times just this year.
Our tax rates are lower now than they were under Ronald Reagan. Theyre much lower than they were under Dwight Eisenhower.
Thirty-seven percent of Central Falls retired police officers and firefighters are out on disability pensions; in most municipalities, about 5 percent of retirees collect disability pensions.
In 2008, 33.2 percent of those who voted early on the last Sunday before Election Day were African-American, while 23.6 percent were Hispanic.
47 - New provisions ObamaCare charges the IRS with implementing, according to the Government Accountability Office.
Brewpubs cant sell growlers of their beer to customers.
Did U know? Block Island Wind Farm would mean 40% est. drop in BI electric rates.
Obamacare-caused paperwork will annually absorb 190 million hours or more--and Mount Rushmore could be built 1,547 times over with the paperwork.
Fifty percent of our students who enter higher education need to take remedial courses because they are not prepared for college-level work.
We have over 300,000,000 weapons, firearms in this country. Thats almost as big as the population.
Both Cruz andRubio are missing the vast majority of their votes.
The five Taliban detainees being released from Guantanamo in exchange for captured Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl are the hardest of the hard-core. These are the highest high-risk people.
Says Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu didnt change his position on a two-state solution.
Says women who need a sonogram in the eighth to 10th week of pregnancy have to get a transvaginal sonogram.
Theres still about $400 billion or $500 billion of the stimulus plan that has not been spent. Why dont we stop it.
Says Alex Sink supported a $5.2 billion increase in Floridas debt.
Of the topfive cities for staged automobile accidents, three are in Florida. We rank No. 1 in the country in staged auto accidents.
Frank Guinta voted to make middle class taxpayers pay over a $1,000 more a year in taxes.
Senate Democrats who left the state for weeks to delay a vote on union bargaining power exercised a Wisconsin filibuster provided by the states constitution.
The Pink Pony club in DeKalb County has never been cited for any violation of an ordinance or state law.
Since 2008, Gwinnett Countys population has grown 15 percent, while the county government staff has increased only 1 percent.
Harry Reid was against (the nuclear option) before he was for it. Mitch McConnell was for it before he was against it. President Obama was against it before he was for it.
Says David Jolly refused to cut spending for a national greenhouse in D.C.
The Walton family of Walmart ... This one family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people.
Cuccinelli wants to make all abortion illegal, even in cases of rape and incest, even to protect a womans health.
Says Rand Paul thinks drug-dealing, theft, burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized.
When Sarah Palin was in government, Barack Obama was a community organizer.
Says his 9-9-9 tax reform plan is not regressive.
Insurers delayed an Illinois man's treatment, and he died because of it.
Says Hillary Clinton supported North American Free Trade Agreement), and she supported Chinas entrance into the World Trade Organization. She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Says there are Ohio Turnpike workers getting paid $66,000 a year to collect tolls that machines might collect.
Since being elected, (Tom Barrett) has dumped 8.2 billion gallons of raw sewage into Lake Michigan.
An audit shows there are 6.5 million people who have active Social Security numbers who are 112 years of age or older,
"McCain will give more tax breaks to big oil."
Says President Barack Obama will not utter the words radical Islamic terrorism and as matter of policy, nobody in the administration will say the words radical Islamic terrorism.
More than 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women.
Says Maggie Hassan pays zero property taxes on her $500,000 home.
Under the Obama plan . . . all the health care in this country is eventually going to be run by the government.
Says Obama called Medicaid broken four years ago.
In the U.S. agreement with the Cuban government, no commitment was made to allowing the establishment of political parties or to even begin the semblance of a transition to a democracy.
Ryan Sittons company accepted over $650,000 in Obama stimulus dollars.
"For four days in Denver, the Democrats were afraid to use the words 'Islamic terrorism.'"
Cities like Seattle have decided to ban food carts.
Creating 25 jobs in Umatilla County has the same impact as 500 jobs in the metro region.
Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said, I didnt say.
Says an amendment specifying when military members may use deadly force does nothing to change existing rules of engagement for American service members.
Sometimes I was the only no vote on the entire board.
Says the estate tax is a threat to family farms.
We can fix our roads without raising taxes.
Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vaticans position that abortion should be illegal.
Says Donald Trump is against minimum wage.
Less than 1 percent of 1 percent of the American population has given an amount over $200 to a federal political campaign.
Obama couldn't have afforded his home without Rezko's help.
"Obama Skips Out On Condemning Left-Wing Attacks On Gen. Petraeus Despite Casting Other 'Important Votes' Earlier And Later In The Day."
Only three in 10 Texas doctors are currently accepting new Medicaid patients.
"The Clintons now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of (a) Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment."
Says an appointed board created under Obamacare will have the ability to come between you and your doctor in determining the best treatment options for you!
Says that over the past 20 years, Texas public school spending rose 142 percent and per-pupil spending more than tripled when adjusted for inflation.
David Cicilline is the 5th most liberal person in the House of Representatives.
Says U.S. Senate Democrats have gone without any budget at all for more than 1,000 days.
Saysthe State Department has had half a year to respond to a Benghazi document request, yet I have not gotten a single, solitary scrap of paper.
Republican leaders said "no" to "tax cuts for 95% of working Americans."
We confer more PhDs each year than any other university in America except Berkeley.
For the first time in eight years, our budget also increases funding for persons with disabilities by $36 million to help more disabled people receive community-based services.
Taking all the money of the top 1 percent wouldnt keep Medicare going for three years.
The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House.
We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world. Its 35 percent.
Says Donald Trump was forced to file for bankruptcy not once, not twice, four times.
Says that in his first 17 months as president, the United States doubled its world-leading $500 million a year commitment to fighting global AIDS.
"Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office "
Mayor White has major stake in Barnett Shale production company.
Rep. Jim Renaccis plan to end Medicare also puts nursing home care for 3,000 seniors in the district in immediate jeopardy.
When we passed (the stand your ground law), we said it portends horrific events when peoples lives were put into these situations.
The federal government has made investments in science and technology inventing the products that led to the creation of Google.
Weve seen more anti-womens choice bills introduced in the first half of this session than weve seen in the last three General Assemblies.
On Syria, alot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off.
Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized.
Jim Renacci tried to avoid paying taxes on nearly $14 million that he made.
"Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies."
In an interview with the Chicago TribunesEditorial Board, Comptroller Leslie Munger says that in order to balance a budget, the state would have to cut social services completely.
The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000.
Obamacare could cause 20 million people to lose their current coverage.
Children are crossing the border because President Barack Obama said if you come, youre going to be able to stay, because were not going to enforce the law.
Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin is backing President Barack Obamas plan to pass a $1.5 trillion tax increase.
Over the past decade, the big five oil companies --- BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Shell -- made a total profit of nearly $1 trillion.
Net immigration from Mexico last year was zero. Fact-check me.
The Republican plan for tax cuts is to give each millionaire -- the top 1 percent of income in this country -- $83,347 a year in tax cuts.
A proposed revenue smart cap gives Floridians a voice, requiring a 60 percent vote by citizens in order to impose a new tax, fee, license, fine, charge or assessment.
Eighty-five percent of every dollar donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up either with the Clintons or with their staff to pay for travel, salaries, and benefits. Fifteen cents of every dollar actually went to some charitable beneficiary.
Fourteen million Americans mortgages are greater than the value of their homes.
Weve created more than 850,000 jobs, more than all the other states combined.
Says she balanced a $10 billion budget shortfall without raising taxes.
If 20 million illegals vote, you can kiss the Second Amendment goodbye.
Planned Parenthood has now (been) found to also illegally sell baby parts.
Anyone can die of a toothache.
Says Jim Frishe wanted to tax us for doing our taxes through an accountant.
When Republicans last controlled the presidency and Congress, the number of people on food stamps (and) the number of people in low-income housing went through the roof.
This year, the Austin City Council granted a small homestead property tax exemption of $5,000... applied equally to everyone. And we also granted an exemption for the elderly and the disabled members of the community.
Perry pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners rates without having to justify the increase.
Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deals budgets but accuses the governor of underfunding education.
Says President Obama was wrong about Muslims historical contributions to mankind, such as algebra (actually that was the ancient Babylonians), the compass (that was the Chinese), pens (the Chinese again) and medical discoveries.
On oil drilling off Floridas coast
Says sixty-two percent of small businesses over the last five years went under because they couldnt pay their health care bills.
Since (welfare reform) was signed into law, the number of families living in extreme poverty has more than doubled.
Theres a tax credit of $2,400 to bond [former inmates] that an employer would get for hiring a convicted felon. Theres a federal bonding program -- you can get $5,000 to $25,000 in federal money to hire a convicted felon. And theres federal grants for felons to set up their own small businesses.
Jesus was an undocumented immigrant.
On gay marriage
Ann Kuster supports the government takeover of healthcare, which robs Medicare of over $700 billion.
(The Opportunity Scholarship Act) would be funded directly from public school budgets. So it would absolutely take money out of the public school system to transfer to private and religious schools.
This (Ebola) is not as bad as SARSwas in 2003.
Its four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed under the Affordable Care Act.
Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent.
The sequester wont consider whether were cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesnt make those distinctions.
Says a 1915 referendum on womens right to vote went down in New Jersey. And it took the Legislature to pass it.
Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo supported ending the Medicare guarantee.
The Obama administration "was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through Congress in just two days after which it sat on the president's desk for three days, while he was away on vacation."
In 1992, Barack Obama directed "Project Vote - an arm of ACORN that also encouraged voter registration."
In the last seven years of my tenure, Texas created 1.5 million new jobs. As a matter of fact, without Texas, America would have lost 400,000 jobs.
Fleeing Syria, a million children are now refugees.
Says his Patient OPTION Act is the only Republican plan that completely repeals Obamacare and it takes the federal bureaucrat out of decisions for you.
Says federal spending has increased 21 percent over the past three years.
If the government shuts down, all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available.
Rand Pauls speech ... on Gattaca was totally ripped off of Wikipedia.
More astronauts have been to the moon than farmers who paid the inheritance tax in 2013.
Says Hillary Clinton wonhealth care for 8 million children.
Income disparities in the United States are the worst since the 1920s.
The stimulus bill promised to keep unemployment under 8%.
The University of Texas is starting the first medical school at a major Tier One university in the last 50 years.
None of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line. None of them. Its always Trump and Clinton and then second question, third question. ... If we were included in the top line, as Johnson/Trump/Clinton, wed be at 20 percent.
98 percent of American families make under $250,000 a year.
The Clinton Foundation gives less than 10(percent in direct aid). In 2013, they raised 140 million bucks, gave $9 million to people in direct aid.
Sen. Barbara Boxer passed only three bills in 18 years into law.
State employees havent received a raise in five or six years.
Says more than eight countries lead the United States in the percentage of college graduates.
Georgia is one of only five states where breweries cant sell you a pint of beer to drink on premise or sell you a six-pack to go.
Under President Barack Obama, 8.3 (million) fewer Americans are working today than there were four years ago.
Under Republicans, recessions happen four times as frequently as under Democrats.
Today roughly half of born-again Christians arent voting. Theyre staying home.
Hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much lower (tax) rates on their income than do truck drivers and teachers and nurses.
It still had not gotten terrible on the roads by 2 to 3 p.m. Tuesday.
We came out against Deepwater and everybody is now paying for [the project] in their electric bills.
Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they admire the pope.
Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.
I am the only person in this field who is against amnesty. Every other person in this field wants to allow people who are here illegally to be able to stay here, in one form or another.
Says because of his actions, Wisconsin property taxes today are lower than they were four years ago.
Democratic candidate Jeff Greene ran for Congress as a California Republican.
Says Gov. Rick Scotts approval ratings are up.
Says Obama administration delay of health care laws employer mandate affects about 1 percent of the American workforce.
Says all my grandparents immigrated to America.
Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
Says Jeb Bush oversaw (an) average in-state tuition increase of 48.2 percent during his tenure.
The entire state of Florida led the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud.
Mike Pence voted against expanding the Childrens Health Insurance program, which Hillary helped to start.
Most state employees could pay twice as much toward their health care premiums and it would still be half the national average
Mickey Mouse was registered to vote (in Florida).
In September, the Department of Business and Consumer Services enacted a sudden 39% workers compensation premium assessment by rule with little notice to the public.
Giving the facts: 73,000 jobs created ... since 11. Do you know how many direct jobs in the auto industry? 1,800.
Says Hillary Clinton and Ralph Northam label police as racists.
"Most Texans aren't millionaires."
The town of Cumberland has its highest bond rating in history.
"I've seen (life) from the factory floor when I was working the graveyard shift ...and I'd be ankle-deep in water at the Murray Ohio bicycle plant where I was running a machine that was so loud I couldn't hear myself yell if I wanted to."
Says Dwight Holton has never set foot in an Oregon courtroom.
If you printed a $1 bill for the entirety of the $14.1 trillion national debt, the resulting pile of money would weigh more than 136 aircraft carriers.
Eighty out of 82 counties in Ohio ... have an auto manufacturing facility.
Under Scott Walker, the Wisconsin middle class is shrinking at a faster rate than any other state in the country.
One in five women in the military are receiving unwanted sexual contact, as are 3.3 percent of men.
Virginia spends less per student today than we did in 2008.
The economic impact of Atlantas 2000 Super Bowl was $292 million.
More people hunt and fish in Texas in a given year than attend the... games of the Dallas Cowboys, the Dallas Mavericks, the Houston Texans and the Houston Rockets combined.
A New York imam wants tohave a mosque at Ground Zero.
One of the other inaccuracies ...is that we have raised taxes multiple times and run up the budget. Absolutely not true. One tax increase since Ive been in office. It was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated area only.
Some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent.
The profit [from automated traffic enforcement cameras] is going to the private corporations, not to the city or state.
Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis.
It is estimated that every $100 million spent on construction generates 3,000 new jobs.
We have the highest corporate income tax in the world right now.
"I used tax cuts to help create over 80,000 jobs in New Mexico."
Says Scott Walker tried to pass a law to allow pharmacists to block womens access to birth control.
The only time over the last 25 years when the states unemployment rate exceeded the U.S. average was when (Mary) Burke was commerce secretary.
Were broke. We dont have any more money.
"Again today (Ahmadinejad) made light of 9/11, and said that he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died."
Says direct shipment of wine makes underage drinking as simple as a mouse click.
Under Barack Obama the last two years, the number of federal limousines for bureaucrats has increased 73 percent.
Obama has been sending taxpayer dollars, at least $350,000 to fund anti-Likud, anti-Netanyahu groups in Israelfor (the) election.
When I was U.S. Attorney we wound up putting 10 percent of the state Legislature in jail during my seven years.
Sixty percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana.
Since being elected in 2002, Scott Walker has given back over $370,000 of his salary to the county.
Florida "has the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation."
The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption.
Says Saudi Arabia, a U.S. ally, has paid to export throughout the world Wahhabism -- an extreme form of Islam that basically teaches Americans are the devil.
Bill Clinton presided over the biggest expansion of the American economy since World War II.
When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund.
David Dewhurst has never once cut one penny from the state budget.
An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws.
In Rhode Island there are 150 different pension plans for public workers.
Dave Brat worked on Democrat Gov. Tim Kaines Council of Economic Advisors while Kaine tried to raise our taxes by over $1 billion.
Says Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. Donald Trump doesnt.
A defense bill includes language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand.
Says Gov. Scott Walkers repeal of a 2009 law has left Wisconsin as one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their paycheck.
Says New Jerseys prison system is 61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black.
Do you know that, statistically, when you take the SAT a second time, one third of the people that take the SAT, even if theyve been studying, will get a lower score than they did the first time around?
On HealthCare.Gov, Texan Mark Sullivan found a good health insurance plan that includes dental, for less than $80 a month.
"Sen. Obama has declared, and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of Iran without any preconditions."
We see a quarter-billion dollars in a pension fund that needs to be funded at $1.2 billion.
"I'm proud to have had a 100 percent pro-life voting record."
Americans are 20 times as likely to die from gun violence as citizens of other civilized countries.
There is more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world the first time thats happened in nearly 20 years.
To vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo-ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram.
Theres a mosque inside of the Pentagon.
"I would love to see us have in this country what I helped lead in Arkansas...Amendment 65 (which) says that we believe life begins at conception, and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion."
"If we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the 1980s, the Medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars."
Says Austin is the largest city in the U.S. without nonstop flights to Europe.
We are the only industrialized nation that relies heavily on a for-profit medical insurance industry to provide basic health care.
Says (t)his 12 year council Seat-warmer has never chaired, vice chaired, or led a single Council committee meeting.
Since 1900, six (U.S. Supreme Court) justices have been confirmed during election years, including Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in the final year of the Reagan Administration.
Workers in the United States are making less than they were almost 20 years ago, and yet they are working harder.
Rick Perry accepted more stimulus funds than any other governor except the governors of California and New York.
90 percent of all pain medications are prescribed in the United States.
Our state economic development agency under Walker, WEDC, actually isnt even using the funds that are appropriated to it.
A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check, no questions asked.
Says Mexico can afford to build a wall because the countrys trade deficit with America is billions of dollars.
Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs.
Says his campaign has released his past tax returns.
As a result of Chris Sununus vote against a Planned Parenthood contract, nearly 3,000 fewer women and families statewide accessed health care for birth control, cancer screenings and annual exams.
Says a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction.
The media widely overlooked comments made by former President Bill Clinton that Hillary Clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from.
Says she voted against the Medicare Part D prescription drug program because it was unfunded.
"I just talked about guns. I told you what my position was, and what I did as governor, the fact that I received the endorsement of the NRA."
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson was the deciding vote for the health care law.
Says Morgan Carroll opposed requiring convicted sex offenders to register their online profiles, making it harder to track online sex offenders and child predators.
Says Adam Hasner said he will never accept a pay increase, but he voted to raise his pay four times.
One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically.
For the votes that we got, I think we spent, on average, two bucks a pop. Compared to 42 bucks for incumbent Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele.
Unemployment for those with college educations is now 4.5 percent. Unemployment for those with more than a college education, below 4 percent.
In the latest jobs numbers Wisconsin ranked third in the Midwest.
The first professional baseball team was from an Ohio city.
"I'm for a three-state political solution in Iraq. (Romney) is not."
Says that unlike Texas, Missouri has a perfect AAA credit rating.
The president can "authorize the killing of a U.S. citizen who fights for a foreign terrorist organization."
Some Republican leaders in Congress are pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall.
The 2011 Rebuild America Jobs Act would have cost the average American family $1,000 a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads.
Medicare Part D was far more expensive than the Affordable Care Act and unlike the act, was never budgeted.
Rhode Island spends less than 10 percent of what the average state spends promoting tourism.
More than 400 car crashes occur each year on the current, congested Columbia River Bridge.
Weve had examples like in Yuma County, where weve been able to stop 97 percent of the illegal (immigration) flow, and those programs, they abolish.
If you make the average amount of people in Wisconsin, $50,000, you got $1.60 less a week in taxes under the state income-tax cut, but it didnt show up in your paycheck.
Says its a statistical reality that most single moms are very poor, under-educated, cant get a job, and if it werent for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death.
"Bill Richardson passed the first law in the nation giving National Guard soldiers $400,000 in life insurance."
Boston is just 60 minutes away and its offering subsidies to developers who can charge higher rent than you can get in Providence while construction costs are more or less equal. As a result, the Boston skyline is completely dominated by the cranes.
In the last couple of days, notices were sent (by officials in Ukraine) to Jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as Jews.
We have the highest (corporate tax rates) in the world right now.
The judicial system is the most underfunded in this state, able to only pay 52 percent of its obligations. Meanwhile, judges get some of the richest pensions of all public employees.
You cant read a speech by George Washington . . . without hearing him reference God, the Almighty.
Says Jeff Wentworth, bending the rules, has used $211,743.96 in campaign contributions to lease luxury cars.
Says If Oregons Legislature simply authorizes $450 million for the CRC, it will leave Oregon holding the bag for a great deal more cost responsibility.
We cut property taxes for seniors and our middle class.
There were $2 billion in earmarks in fiscal year 2012.
Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent.
Under David Dewhursts leadership, the Texas Senate passed an expansion of in-state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants.
Photos prove the Denver light rail system has low ridership.
Rhode Island already gets more revenue per capita from gambling than any other state in the country.
Says a pack-a-day smoker who quits because of the tax increase will save about $1,650 a year.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hovde has no problem with raising taxes.
We get practically nothing compared to the cost of keeping U.S. military forces in South Korea.
U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher is the only working farmer currently serving in the House.
Milwaukee police and firefighters are routinely getting 4 percent raises annually while everybody else is either getting zero or one percent raises.
When you have 8,000 veterans a year committing suicide, then you have a serious problem.
When Disney was looking to build Disney World, they came to Miami and we told Disney to take a hike.
I dont understand what Republicans are doing against this. It was their idea. John McCain introduced cap and trade legislation three times.
Gov. Scott Walkers plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a 5.4 percent raise for himself.
As district attorney, Susan Happ took $180,000 in a shady land deal from a man charged with multiple felony counts of sexual assault before she offered him a deferred prosecution.
In Wisconsin, 300,000 voters were turned away by the states strict voter ID law in the 2016 presidential election.
Dan Patrick was the only state senator who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses.
Tourism and retirees are the dominant economic engines in our state.
Proposed immigration legislation would give new immigrants a taxpayer-funded cellular phone.
Youre paying for...(state Sen. Diane Allens) health care, and she took yours away.
Illegal immigrants mow the grass around the (Texas) Capitol.
Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion in tax relief.
Under Obama, the national debt has been reduced every year for the last five years.
Since 1961 our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So whats the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million).
The law, right now, permits companies that close down American factories and offices and move those jobs overseas to take a tax deduction for the costs associated with moving the jobs to China or India or wherever.
A DWI costs $17,000.
In 2010, Clinton said Iran could enrich uranium. In 2014 she said shes always argued against it.
Says Rep. Ken Legler voted against installing fire sprinklers and emergency power generators in nursing homes.
We have 10,000 baby boomers retiring every day.
The Wisconsin Legislature raised taxes more than $5 billion in 2009.
Fifty percent of kids coming out of school cant get a job.
In a few months, this deal would give Iran $150 billion for its $300 billion to $400 billion economy, which is like $8 trillion flowing into the United States treasury.
Americans spend more than $160 billion and 6 billion hours per year complying with the tax code.
The tax policies of George W. Bush created a dynamic effect of high growth.
The unemployment rate for young people is down from a 10.6 percent high in 2009 to 2.6 percent today.
Public-employee unions spent $30 million in Wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state Senate to Democratic control.
Says President Barack Obamas homeland security budget had $16 million to fight climate change but didnt have a line item to fight violent extremism.
There are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the U.K., compared to 466 violent crimes per 100,000 in the United States.
This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not.
Says the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
Most Americans are now getting their news from Facebook.
Says Obama adviser David Plouffe took large piles of cash from a joint venture partner of a company owned by Irans Revolutionary Guard.
Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how theyd address the rising cost of college.
State Sen. Alberta Darling voted to add more than $1 billion in additional spending while cutting programs such as education and health care
If it werent for me (illegal immigration) wouldnt even be a big subject.
A $300 million stimulus allocation to Wisconsin has led to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of this state.
"Langevin has been the most reliable vote for Speaker Pelosi."
Says Mitt Romney was clear that he would not provide government assistance to the U.S. auto companies, even if they went through bankruptcy.
Obama "supports hate-crimes expansion ... potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality."
The Employee Free Choice Act mandates the elimination of the secret ballot.
Democrats' budget resolution would raise America's tax bill by "$500-billion."
The commercial property tax [in Providence] is second highest in the country behind Detroit.
Barack Obama wants to "restore" the estate tax that George W. Bush "repealed."
There are more young black males involved in the criminal justice system than there are in higher education.
A small majority of Americans dont think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans dont want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act.
The Greenlight Pinellas transportation plan involves a 300% tax increase.
Says Rick Scott signed laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest.
Says an average of $4 billion is added to the national debt every day.
In America, radical speech is not a crime.
The state has less employees this year than we did last year.
Some of the men serving in the (Afghan) armed forces have never driven a vehicle before.
Our economy actually shrank during the last three months of 2012.
Says 21 million people still suffer slavery today.
"Close to half of the folks in this country illegally entered legally (but) overstayed (their ) visas."
Youre supposed to throw away your shoes ifmercury from a broken CFL light bulb gets on them.
John McCain has "a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes."
Iowa has the fourth fastest-growing personal income in the United States, while nationally, the real wage has decreased over the past eight years that Congressman (Bruce) Braley has been there by 2.7 percent.
SaysTed Cruz distributed the ad showing a nude Melania Trump on a rug.
Says Mitt Romney supports a plan to slowly and gradually raise the retirement age of Social Security.
Latinos in Nevada support Educational Savings Accounts, helping more than 450,000 students access better schools. But Catherine Cortez Masto is against it.
Scott Walker was elected governor on a promise not to take campaign contributions from the date of his inauguration until the signing of the state budget, but broke it by taking nearly $5.6 million.
The governor won this state with 49 percent. We had some of the closest races in the House in history. So youre not dealing with this 70-30, like they want to make it.
"If you are African-American in this country today, you are likely to have a net worth of about 10 percent of what white families have."
Closing the tobacco loophole would save Missouri taxpayers $50,000,000
Says Vladimir Putin once said, The breakup of the Soviet Union was the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century.
Says Washingtons reach extends to even telling us what kind of light bulb we can use.
Health care premiums up 90 percent in New Hampshire.
House Speaker Dean Cannon says that freshmen lawmakers account for one-third of the 120-member House, and that two-thirds of the chamber have two years or less experience.
There are billions of barrels of oil beneath our oceans and in Alaska, and there is ample oil shale in the Rocky Mountain West, but Democrats "say all this American energy is off limits."
When Mitt Romney chose Paul Ryan as his vice-presidential running mate, that was the end of Romneys chances to win.
Says Mitch McConnell pushed the Wall Street bailout through the U.S. Senate and called it the Senate at its finest.
41 cents out of every dollar (the U.S. spends) is borrowed from places like China.
Tim Kaine wants to thwart right-to-work reform measures in Midwest battleground states.
On average, women make 77 cents for every dollar men make.
Says Charlie Crist signed the nations harshest marijuana laws.
I used my line-item veto authority to veto $360 million dollars in special interest spending, so that our budget this year ... is still smaller than the fiscal year 2008 and 2009 budgets signed by my predecessor.
The shutdown is projected to result in $10 billion in costs to the economy per week.
Says he paid one dollar for a sweater at Kohls.
Says combined inflation and unemployment rates in October 2011 were the highest since Ronald Reagan succeeded Jimmy Carter.
Black voter turnout in 2012 exceeded the rate of white voter turnout, even in the states with the strictest voter ID laws.
Says Texas schools have had massive increases in class sizes with Rick Perry as governor.
Paul Workman wants to raise the sales tax.
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown cast the deciding vote on the government takeover of health care.
In New Hampshire, 93 percent of Democrats, 79 percent of Republicans, 82 percent of gun owners and 60 percent of NRA households support background checks.
Prop 56 cheats schools out of at least $600 million.
78702 is the second-most gentrified ZIP code in the entire country.
Between 40 and 50 percent of tax filers do not owe any income tax.
Says Donald Trump wants to get rid of the federal minimum wage.
Says she stopped Capital Metro from raising fares for senior and disabled citizens.
Marco Rubios economic proposals will add $3.5 trillion to the federal deficit.
A million Democrats deserted (Howard Deans) party and joined my party because of Donald Trump in Ohio this year.
I have sent over $400 million to the border of Mexico in the form of Texas Ranger recon teams.
While introducing Donald Trump, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani omitted the September 11, 2001, strikes as a successful terrorist attack during the eight years before President Obamas 2008 election.
The very first meal on the surface of the moon was the Holy Communion.
Since 2000, only 10 cases of in-person voter fraud have been proven nationally.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on supporting the presidents Recovery Act.
Says Philando Castile had been stopped by police 40 or 50 times before that fatal incident.
On whether the state should privatize the Ohio Turnpike.
It cost us more to shut the government down than to keep it open.
Says Tim Pawlenty said in 2006, The era of small government is over... the government has to be more proactive and more aggressive.
Says Charlie Crist rode on a jet that belongs to a serial polluter with a history of environmental violations fined nearly $2 million for polluting water.
"I signed the largest single tax cut in the history of Florida, a $25 billion tax cut over five years, directed at property tax cuts."
Revenues are 15 percent of GDP its still in the range of the lowest its ever been.
"So what sort of services does Romney's health care plan provide? Per the state Web site: $50 co-pay for abortions."
We (Trump University)have an A from the Better Business Bureau.
In New Hampshire, I spent $3 million. Jeb Bush spent $44 million. He came in five, and I came in number one.
Social Security, like I told you, is out of money. This year it is borrowing from the general treasury.
Wisconsins pension system is the only one fully funded in the country.
Says that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes.
This kind of snowstorm happens every 10 or 15 years.
The Koch Brothers are spending more money than either the Democratic or Republican parties in the 2016 elections.
Says Jeb Bush not only opposes marriage equality, hes said he personally believes gay couples should be banned from adopting children.
Natalyn Archibong skipped (Atlanta) City Council meetings or was late 90% of the time. Then she voted herself a pay raise.
The Bush tax cuts helped to create a substantial part of the deficit.
We have invested record funding in protecting our environment.
$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on origami condoms.
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to keep an extreme, job-killing Internal Revenue Service paperwork mandate.
Half of illegal immigrants come on legal visas and then overstay.
Girl Scouts USAs curriculum promotes Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, Betty Friedan, founder of NARAL Prochoice, and other pro-abortion women as icons for our children to emulate.
Since 1988, Congress has raised its own salary 15 times to reflect rising costs. But raised the minimum wage only three times.
"The Alternative Minimum Tax was never intended to hit people in middle income, upper middle income. It was meant for people who are rich and evading taxes."
Blocking travel from countries with Ebola should be possible because President Barack Obama has sealed off Israel in the past.
The average homeowner spends more than $2,000 each year on energy costs more than on either real estate taxes or homeowners insurance.
94 percent of those that are employed by the Department of Education at the federal level were deemed by the department as nonessential employees.
With recent growth it is very clear that private-sector jobs have been doing fine.
Says Hillary Clinton is wrong to say he mocked a disabled reporter.
Says many local governments in Wisconsin already require employees to pay 20 percent, 30 percent or even 40 percent of their health insurance premiums.
"The failings in our civil service are encouraged by a system that makes it very difficult to fire someone even for gross misconduct."
(Mary) Burkes company, Trek Bicycles, makes 99% of their bikes overseas.
Casey Weinstein: No faith in our military ... When some of our cadets wanted to watch a religious film, Casey Weinstein sued the U.S. military. Sued our soldiers?
Today, the Social Security system is broke.
Says she has quadrupled agents to secure our border.
Says Julie Parrish wants to add a sales tax to everything we need to buy including food, clothing, medicine and school supplies.
Poverty among Americans 65 and over is statistically unchanged in recent years because of Social Security.
Says that over the last decade, the states population grew three times faster than the Texas state tax system.
Many uninsured Americans are young.
More than 50 percent of those people getting minimum wage in this state are high school students.
If you survey, most (North Carolina) Democrats also agree with our (election) laws and voter ID.
Says Tom Perriello voted to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.
Ted Cruz is in negotiations to be Donald Trumps running mate.
During a town hall meeting on health care, "ABC didn't even allow ads that opposed the president's health care plan to be aired."
Says Texas has one state inspector for every 4,500 oil and gas wells.
If you threw a barbecue yesterday for the Memorial weekend, it was 29 percent more expensive than last year because Barack Obamas policies have led to groceries going up 29 percent.
Says President Barack Obama did not invite a Republican senator to dine at the White House until his fifth year in office.
Says Obama was in New York City the same day as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but went on a TV show instead of meeting with him.
A Dallas proof-of-insurance ordinance resulted in area tow lots mostly filling with the cars of illegal residents.
America used to be the third easiest country to get established in a business. Its now number 17.
Public support for abortion is actually going down a little bit, polls show.
Students In Fla. High School Forced To Recite Islamic Prayer, Make Prayer Rugs.
SaysSenate Republicans are following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election year.
When I took office in 2003, we had very little reserves.
The impact of the 2010 federal health care legislation will be huge on Georgia.
The 2015 Legislature passed the fewest laws in 20 years.
There are more atheists in the country right now than Jews, Muslims, Hindus and Buddhists combined and doubled.
We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas.
When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Japan? It doesnt exist, folks.
Says tanking Rick Perrys federal tax plan has huge tax cuts for rich people and big tax hikes for everyone else.
"Powerful Houston Democrats Sylvia Garcia (Democrat county commissioner in Harris County) and Elyse Lanie(r) (wife of the former liberal Democrat mayor Bob Lanier) sponsored a Democrat fundraiser for Speaker (Joe) Straus with numerous Democrat officials and high-ranking union officials."
Says he cut the budget.
Big soda has a lot of money.They make a lot of profit off their product and they market in neighborhoods that suffer from these very things that were trying to cure.
Says that 500,000 federal workers -- one-fourth of the federal workforce -- make more than $100,000 a year.
Weve caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal.
Im the only candidate for Milwaukee County executive that has voted against increasing government pensions.
Were fifth in the world (in executions), behind China, Iran, Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
"McCain opposes a woman's right to choose."
By the year 2015 (Medicaid will) take up half our budget.
Texas has 600,000 registered voters who dont have the kind of photo ID needed to vote.
Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislationto let employers deny women coverage formammograms.
Nazi imagery [was used] by the Block for Governor campaign to describe supporters of Allan Fung for Governor.
Says the Congressional Budget Office said if youre going to buy your own policy with these (health care) exchanges youll be paying 10 percent more ... about $2,100 more for a family.
Russian annexation of Crimea removes a million residents of the Ukraine that have provided the margin of victory for (Viktor) Yanukovych, the pro-Moscow prime minister in his last election.
Says that according to a study, under Obamas health care initiative, nearly 90 percent of people in Wisconsin with health insurance will have their costs go up by more than 30 percent.
Every single month since 1985 has been warmer than the historic average. All 12 of the warmest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
Four times, I said, he (John McCain)is a hero, but you know ... people choose selective pieces.
Says unemployment in Ohio is significantly higher than the unemployment rate in states which are not forced union states and its always been that way.
The United States invented the community college. Nobody else had ever done anything like it.
Says that before health care reform, one of every three health care dollars spent -- more than $800 billion a year -- didnt go for health care.
Says Wisconsin Assembly Republicans voted to repeal a law that ensures that women cannot get paid less than a man for doing the same job.
Milwaukee is the most segregated city in America.
On Common Core.
Says state lawmakers have voted to spend virtually all of the Rainy Day Fund four times since the funds creation.
The Denver Post has actually hired an editor to promote pot.
Says the Southwest Florida Water Management District has $850 million in reserves, enough money in savings to run without levying taxes for more than two years.
Eliminating the state tax on health savings accounts will make it easier for small business owners to provide health insurance to their employees.
Since he took office as Milwaukee County executive, we have never raised bus fares and this year therell be a million route-miles more than there were five years ago.
The ratio of corporate profits to wages is now higher than at any time since just before the Great Depression.
Says President Barack Obama promised he would cut the deficit in half, but instead will at least double it.
Says Rob Portman voted for the bipartisan bill to affirm climate change is real, humans significantly contribute to it and it needs to be addressed.
Says some [states] with the largest reductions in crime have also lowered their prison population.
Today, our unemployment rate is 7.8 percent. That is the lowest in five years.
Says she was the the only Democrat who voted against the Wall Street bailout."
California has the same water infrastructure from when we were 16 million people.
Al Sharpton went to Ferguson, Mo., and is declaring as a matter of fact that ...Michael Brown didnt use any deadly force or posed no deadly threat to the officer.
Why are Muslim armies so useless against ISIS? ... There are 20,000 or 30,000 (ISIS fighters). The countries surrounding ISIS have armies totaling 5 million people.
Says carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters.
Says Joe Kyrillos voted to raid the states pension funds by $2.8 billion that is costing New Jersey taxpayers still today to the tune of nearly $15 billion dollars to repay that money.
John McCain said "he wouldn't even sit down with the government of Spain, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now."
John McCain wants to "give oil companies another $4-billion" in tax breaks.
Under Greg Abbott, Texas four-year-olds would be forced to undergo standardized tests.
Since Mr. Fosters been mayor, we have less small businesses in the city of St. Petersburg.
In America, we pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
Mark Kirks claim of national security expertise is based on his military record which he lied about at least 10 times.
The Republican Party has 21 percent party ID and shrinking.
I was totally against the war in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East.
Claims that Rep. Sanford Bishop votes similar to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi are inaccurate.
Crimea was part of Russia until 1954, when it was given to the Soviet Republic of the Ukraine.
Florida was the only state during my eight years to go from AA to AAA in its bond rating.
"Sixty-one percent of our active military are currently listed as overweight."
Nearly one in four people in their prime working years are not working.
Under former President George W. Bushs administration while the population in that period grew by 10 percent, the number of jobs in the nation grew by 1 percent.
A little less than 50 percent of the people in this country depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them.
Says Hillary Clinton couldnt bring herself to say we need to separate commercial banking and speculative banking, namely reinstating Glass-Steagall.
A loophole still exists which allows members of Congress and high-powered executive branch appointees to exploit 'insider' knowledge of the financial industry in order to turn personal profit.
Why do we have automatic citizenship upon birth? Were the only country in the world that has it.
There are approximately 20,000 annual gun purchases in Rhode Island.
The Hollywood celebrities endorsing Hillary Clinton are in many cases celebrities that arent very hot anymore.
Before Congress, (Tom) Cotton got paid handsomely working for insurance companies and corporate interests.
It will cost $50,000 per enrollee in Obamacare over the next 10 years.
According to HUD, it is patently unfair and socially unjust that wealthy people can live in an exclusive neighborhood.
Says when he was governor,we expanded participation in Virginia in early childhood programs by nearly 40 percent.
The next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion dollars -- $535 million to be exact.
A 0.05 standard for drunken driving means having a glass of wine at dinner could make a person drunk.
Twenty two years ago, when he was running for governor, Bill Nelson missed 56 percent of his votes in the U.S. House.
Under Governor Crist, 3,000 teachers laid off.
Texas prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg purchased 72 bottles of vodka in just one store alone, in just over a year.
President Obama funneled $716 billion out of Medicare at the expense of the elderly.
George Bush never suggested that we eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
The president came in and campaigned against me 12 times.
I was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush on Sept. 10, 2001.
Says President Barack Obama released a statement on the death of brother Robin Williams before ... a statement on brother Michael Brown.
I became a Republican sooner in my life than Ronald Reagan did in his.
The most popular name is no longer John or Steven. Its Jose, Camilo and Maria.
English "is our national language...if it becomes official, that means in a place like New York City you can't print ballots in any other language."
When a Gallup poll asked about presidential candidate characteristics, When they get to the question on, Would you vote for a socialist, it is even less popular than voting for atheists.
Says in Chicago, we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A.
Under Randi Shade, Austin has had the highest cost of living of any large Texas city.
Newt Gingrich has suggested building a mirror system in space could improve the Earths habitability.
By allowing brewpubs to sell beer, Georgia could become like Mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all aspects of market.
Says Did you know that if you accepted the Districts proposal today you would have NO pay increase for 4 years? Seven years of frozen wages = Disrespect.
Says a car driving former University of Missouri System President Tim Wolfe ran through the students, hit one of them at the MU Homecoming Parade.
The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by "up to about 10 percent" and, for purchasers in the individual market, "those cost savings could even be higher."
When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a month.
After one year, Tennessees students made their biggest single-year jump in achievement ever recorded in the state.
Bill McCollum diverted a state plane to his home 53 times. A state auditor called it: likely a misuse of state resources.
"No member of the American public has ever been killed by commercial nuclear power a record unmatched by other fuels."
Poll after poll after poll shows me beating Hillary.
The people in Massachusetts like (the state health care plan) by about a 3-1 margin.
Says 23 percent of ninth graders in Newark will graduate with a high school diploma in four years and we spend $100,000 on their education in those four years, more than is spent on any other set of students in the United States.
Says President Barack Obama is trying to pack the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Says less than half of 1 percent of all the Texas legislators who ever served draw a benefit from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges.
Bob Menendez just voted to increase the governments debt ceiling to $1.9 TRILLION! In his 19 years in Congress, Menendez has helped overspend America over $15 TRILLION into debt.
Says Rep. Tammy Duckworth has been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending, size and reach of the IRS.
And the revenue generated by drilling off Virginias coast? $40 million over 10 years.
Mitt Romney gave away his fathers inheritance.
Says Cathy Jordan was arrested and dragged out of her home by a SWAT team of hooligans for using medical marijuana.
Under energy efficiency legislation sponsored by U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, federal bureaucrats could take over the local building code enforcement in your city if so-called green mandates are not complied with quickly enough.
Currently, Florida is one of only five states in the nation that prohibit citizens from buying electricity from companies that will put solar panels on your home or business.
The claim that 97 percent of scientists believe humans are causingclimate change has been debunked by the head of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. That number was pulled out of thin air.
Says Tom Cotton voted to turn Medicare into a voucher system.
The significant drop in Floridas unemployment rate is a good economic sign.
Federal spending is all discretionary, other than interest on the national debt. Social Security is discretionary. We have the discretion to change the law. Same is true with Medicare and Medicaid.
By age 65, the average woman will have lost $431,000 throughout her working career was a result of the pay gap.
I am the only candidate that has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President. In PA, Ive got Bernies back.
John McCain "took on the drug industry."
War for the soul of the TxDems: 57% of Dem incumbents for Tx House LOST their primary.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
On recusing herself from cases after receiving a campaign contribution
Almost 88,000 United States service members are still missing and unaccounted for, dating back to World War II.
Says judges are using Shariah law in Dearborn, Mich.
"John doesn't have a record in the Senate. John's only passed four bills. They're all about post offices."
Georgia has the fifth-highest number of uninsured people of any state in the union.
Mitt Romney previously believed "that abortion should be safe and legal in this country." Now he is "prolife."
Of six Rhode Island tax-credit programs worth about $35 million, three companies got 90 percent of that -- CVS and two companies not even located in the state of Rhode Island.
Two years ago we had the largest structural deficit ever in Wisconsin.
Says Gov. Rick Scott allowed Republican legislators to cut his teacher pay raise proposal by 60 percent.
Says the New York Times can write a story that they know is false yet they cant basically be sued.
More Texans have new jobs today than the entire population of Fort Worth.
Says Mark Warner has supported restrictions on veterans second amendment rights.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst signed a pledge that protects tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
His biography says he was the top ROTC officer in the nation.
Says he could be the first president in modern history to be outspent.
The IRS doesnt have to prove something against you ... youve got the burden of proof.
Florida students take an array of standardized high stakes tests which eat up as much as 45 school days per year.
From 2014 to 2015, Austins murder rate is up a whopping 83 percent.
It is against the law for the NSA to record or monitor Americans phone calls without getting a specific FISA warrant to do so.
In 2009, Yost spent 2.5 times more money than it took to run the (prosecutors) office before he got there.
The United States is "seeing greater income inequality now than any time since the 1920s."
My 7-step plan creates 700,000 jobs in 7 years.
(U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston) voted to fund (Obamacare).
The United States Senate Democrats and Republicans (voted) to keep our government open.
In Ferguson, Mo.,youve got threeblack officers and 50 white officers with a town that is 67 percent African-American.
Says some Wisconsin state employee contracts gave some employees $4 for bringing in their own lunch.
More than 50 percent of immigrants from (El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras) use at least one major welfare program once they get here.
Amniocentesis, does, in fact, result more often than not in this country in abortion.
"Mr. Warren compared same-sex couples to incest."
Says Ted Cruzswife Heidi will be the very first pro-life first lady.
Says we got a chance to pass what I think is Oregons first human trafficking bill which has increased by 66 percent the calls to the human trafficking hotline.
Iran "might not be a superpower, but the threat the government of Iran poses is anything but 'tiny,'" as Obama says.
Of minimum wage workers in Rhode Island only 14 percent serve as sole income earner for their family.
From the Do As I Say Not As I Do department: federal employees owe $3.3 billion in back taxes.
John Boehner has called for repealing the rest of the stimulus, which would raise taxes on 110 million middle class people.
Two-thirds of the federal budget is permanent law ... its permanently appropriated.
States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths.
Says Obama broke his promise to help homeowners facing foreclosure.
Most women, including 98 percent of Catholic women, have used contraception.
The average age of first marijuana use is 12.
Ive never supported a payroll tax.
Since Barack Obama became president of the United States, 95 percent of economic gains have been made by the richest 1 percent.
"Obama never held a single Senate hearing on Afghanistan."
On serving out his gubernatorial term
"More people in this country have seen UFOs than I think approve of George Bush's presidency."
Says potential Democratic opponent Mary Burke implemented the policies of Jim Doyle. Those are the policies that, in his last term, saw the state lose more than 133,000 jobs.
The Supreme Court said the individual mandate is a tax. So its a tax.
The United States ranks second worst in income inequality across developed countries, after taxes and transfers.
Zephyr Teachout says she is against Super PACs despite taking money from Super PAC donors
Says Hillary Clinton said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers.
The studies have shown us that [drug testing for welfare recipients] will be saving us money
Says Mitt Romney has said different things about whether global warming is caused by humans
@realDonaldTrump is coming to San Antonio, which is 60% Mexican-AMERICAN.
This president spends 30 times as much money on global warming research as he does on weather forecasting and warning.
Says New Hampshires second congressional district includes two counties where almost 5 percent if not more of residents are enrolled in the states expanded Medicaid program.
"Dr. Paul never votes for legislation unless the proposed measure is expressly authorized by the Constitution."
The deal to raise the federal debt limit created the largest debt ceiling increase in Americas history.
Georgia has "a dropout rate thats higher" than Alabama's.
Says Obama flip-flopped on warrantless wiretapping.
A national study of 2,500 charter schools shows that maybe 20 percent do better than the community public schools, 40 percent or so do worse and the rest are not having any significant difference.
3,000 teachers lost their jobs when (Crist) was governor.
"Barack Obama hasn't passed any (bills)."
Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member.
60 percent of people on food assistance are working.
On switching parties.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on gun control.
Says Texas school districts are the fifth largest employers in the world.
Says Rick Scott cut education by over a billion dollars, meaning thousands of teachers lost their jobs and class sizes went up.
Protesters attacked the groups headquarters with graffiti on the sidewalk and stenciled images smeared on the building and statue.
Says Paul Ryan voted for two wars that were unpaid for, voted for the Bush tax cuts that were unpaid for, voted for the prescription drug bill that cost as much as my health care bill -- but wasnt paid for.
Women fill two-thirds of minimum wage jobs.
Amendment 4 will reduce Floridas economic output by $34 billion annually.
Its the first time in the nation this many members have been drawn (by a Legislature) into the same districts where it wasnt a court order.
We lost more jobs in this great recession than the last four recessions combined.
Mequon and Milwaukee have the highest disparity of income in the country.
Says Barack Obama robbed Medicare (of) $716 billion to pay for ... Obamacare.
The largest low-wage employer is not McDonalds or Walmart but the U.S. government.
Joe Sestak ... even wants to bring back the death tax, letting the IRS take half of your savings when you die.
Budget analysts say the looming tax hikes and spending cuts would take us into a recession and kill jobs.
Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.
"When Pakistan erupted in crisis, I spoke to Musharraf before Bush did."
Republican plan to extend Bush tax cuts would double deficit projections going forward for the next couple of decades.
"In Rick Perry's Texas, the governor threatens to leave, to secede from the greatest country in the" world.
In Florida, Sen. Bill Nelson ... got a $25 billion to $30 billion carve-out for Medicare Advantage patients in their state.
Says taxpayer resources are being used to facilitate private political agendas through automatic payroll deduction of union dues.
Rob Portman has taken more than $125,000 from Big Oil.
Chicago Public Schools lead the country in high school graduation of an urban school system, match the United States of America in kids graduating high school going on to a four-year college, and are producing eighth-grade leaders in the country in math gains, fourth-grade leaders in reading gains.
Did you know under President Obama family health care premiums have increased $4,154 on the average?
Says the 2014-15 Texas budget increases spending by less than the rate of inflation and population growth.
"Florida Statutes require (Attorney General Bill) McCollum to consult with members of Florida's Congressional delegation" before filing a lawsuit against the health care reform law.
Says Alex Sink supported higher property taxes.
Says Russ Feingold said that with Obamacare, we could keep our doctors and our plans, it was rated as the Lie of the Year.
Says Houston is home to more doctors, more nurses, more researchers than any other place in the world.
Texas has the sixth-highest property taxes in the nation.
Says Bill White didnt pay taxes while earning $133,600 annual salary as deputy secretary of energy.
The tax on job creating businesses is 35 percent in the United States, second worst in the entire world.
For every $1 spent on mitigation, $4 in post-storm cleanup and rebuilding is saved.
Our tax code is . . . 80,000 pages.
We jumped 11 places since beginning this year in terms of being job-friendly.
Says Fox News gave Republicansenators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about theIslamic State.
Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms using radical regulation, by raising business tax rates as high as nearly 50 percent and by taxing family farms again at death by as much as 45 percent.
Speakers at the Democratic National Convention made zero mentions of the global terrorist threat posed by ISIS.
Ive been involved in prosecuting a terrorist member of ISIS.
It costs about $40,000 a year for a homeless person to be on the streets.
The amount of interest paid on the federal debt exceeds total tax revenue.
The national debt grew an estimated$15 billion last weekend.
The U.S. Supreme Court decided in 1982 that non-citizen children must get free K-12 education.
Says Donald Trump has supported a Canadian-style universal health care system.
Says, The Democrats proposed budget is also balanced by using more in new tax revenue than in total PERS reform or savings.
US: Change in Income, 2009-13. Top 1%: +31.4%. Bottom 99%: +0.4%.
Hillary Clinton "agreed with (John McCain) on voting for the war in Iraq."
Says Ann Kirkpatrick votes with her party nearly 90 percent of the time.
"I had an uncle ... who was part of the first American troops to go into Auschwitz and liberate the concentration camps."
Allowing all Bush income tax cuts to expire on Dec. 31 will amount to the largest tax increase in the history of America.
Says Hillary Clintons State Department approved the transfer of 20 percent of Americas uranium holdings to Russia, while nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.
Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant.
In the past four or five presidential elections, people who poll high at the beginning are not the people who end up being the nominees.
Under President Barack Obama, the United States has doubled our exports.
Says President Barack Obamas debt commission recommended converting Medicare to a system where Medicare participants are given a voucher to purchase insurance in the private market.
The last time there was a sustained surge of confidence in governments competence was under Ronald Reagan.
"Senator Obama has, in fact, never had a serious Republican challenger."
The birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
Here in Wisconsin, weve put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years.
For every extra year that a girl stays in secondary school, her chance of getting infected with HIV/AIDS decreases by half.
In Washington, Congressman Joe Heck supports privatizing (Social Security), turning our savings over to Wall Street and risking it on the stock market.
The InterLink at T.F. Green Airport is the closest air-rail link in the country.
Says Texas proved in court that more than 200 dead people voted in the latest Texas election.
This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nations military installations.
In the United States alone we lose more than 3,000 people a day to cancer.
An iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin could operate for 100 years and generate billion of dollars in economic activity.
According to the state of Florida, you are almost twice as likely to be attacked by an alligator than by someone who happens to carry a conceal-and-carry permit.
The five states that outlaw collective bargaining for teachers all rank below 44th in the nation in test scores, while Wisconsin ranks 2nd.
The Arab and the Muslim nations get twice as much money as Israel.
@Jorge_Elorza still think your plan is safe? Rescue Captain Kenyon just worked 96 hours straight. 96 hours.
Says state Sen. Alberta Darling is allowing mercury to harm our children because she voted against an electronics recycling bill.
The vast, overwhelming majority of [crimes that occur with a firearm] are committed by people who dont legally possess that firearm in the first place.
The Colorado caucus system for selecting Republican delegates is rigged.
Over 80 percent of the people want the shot to vote on whether to approve same-sex marriage, according to polls.
This bill allows Virginia to join about 23 other states that have an ultrasound procedure before an abortion.
Every 28 hours an unarmed black person is shot by a cop.
"Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill that became the Clinton crime bill that allowed him to do that."
You might be surprised to know that 137 billion gallons flows (into Lake Erie) every day. You might be surprised to know that only 86.3 billion gallons flow out. ... Leaving us a net surplus of approximately 50 billion gallons a day.
From 2010-2014, median household income in Wisconsin has actually gone up 7.4 percent.
San Antonio has seen 67% growth in water customers in the last 25 years, 0% more water used.
Says up to a quarter of African Americans dont have government photo ID.
Says Obamaexempted Congress and their staff from the full effect of the (health care) law.
Despite what Donald Trump claims, there werent 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix to see Trump speak.
Abortion services are well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does.
North Carolina spent almost as much as it spends on government rape crisis programs in a year to convene a special session for HB2.
[U]nlike every other major transit system in the nation, MARTA has never received any significant, dedicated funding from the state of Georgia.
A federal judge said President Barack Obamas executive action on immigration is unconstitutional.
At $587 apiece, USA would need to bring home about 33.1 BILLION gold medals to pay off our national debt.
In other states (where illegal immigrants have been allowed to get drivers licenses) their insurance premiums for everybody have gone down.
For the last decade the climate has been cooling.
Accidents are down 50 percent and injury accidents are down 60 percent in the rebuilt Marquette Interchange in Milwaukee.
Says $57,000 is the mean [income] in our state for a family.
Says the one person (Donald Trump)has suggested that would make a good justice is his sister, who is a court of appeals judge appointed by Bill Clinton. She is a hardcore pro-abortion liberal judge.
Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
The Muslim Brotherhood has openly stated they want to declare war on Israel.
On financial reform, there is "a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."
Elena Kagan "violated the law of the United States at various points" with her opposition to military recruiters.
Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income.
"Already we've identified $2 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade."
Says the Medicaid fraud rate in Virginia was fact-checked and found to be 0.47 percent.
The presence of gorillas calls into question the concept of evolution.
Says Milwaukee County spent over $170,000 in salaries in 2010 for employees to participate in union activities such as collective bargaining.
The U.S. has 5 percent of the worlds population, 25 percent of the worlds known prison population.
There have been at least four incidents where bullets from Mexico have crossed the border.
On oil drilling
"We were promised. The president said we would keep unemployment under 8.5 percent (if the stimulus passed)."
George Allen voted to add $3 trillion to the federal debt, voted to raise the debt ceiling four times and voted for the No Child Left Behind Act while he was a senator.
Elizabeth Townsend runs the elections office that omitted a school board race on a ballot and gave a School Board candidate faulty advice.
The Islamic State, or ISIS, was cast off by al-Qaida because it was considered too extreme.
The Foundation for Government Accountability, which supported a Florida law requiring drug testing of welfare recipients, is a Koch brothers affiliated group.
The Senate immigration bill is filled with things like rewards for au pair agencies, Alaskan seafood processors and Vegas casinos.
For every one mile of light-rail track that will be built, 16 miles of new road capacity will be built.
Assertions that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been shattered by the latest and best social science and research.
Austin Energy is considering its first rate increase since 1994.
Says Ronald Reagan reversed his worlds largest tax cut and raised taxes when revenues did not match the expectations.
Wendy Davis is threatening to raise taxes up to $35 billion.
Roy Blunt voted to raise his own pay 12 times while in Congress.
Mitt Romney wants "to set a date for withdrawal" from Iraq.
Says Donald Trump claimed our armed forces are a disaster.
Says under Wisconsin law, he cannot remove his name from the ballot for re-election to Congress.
In fighting collective bargaining changes, Democrats are trying to protect a system that pays unionized government workers 42 percent more than non-union workers.
Under Gov. Romneys definition ... Donald Trump is a small business.
The potential Iran nuclear agreement would limit Iran to the number of centrifuges needed for a weapon but too few for a nuclear power program.
In Liberia, a girl is more likely to be married by 18 than to know how to read.
It would be illegal for the Fulton County Commission to raise the county tax rate.
SaidPresident Barack Obama said he was going to stop (signature strikes).
In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare.
Donna Campbell has called for ending all federal funding for education
"Palin (proposed) a $150 bounty for the severed foreleg of each killed wolf."
One of the biggest polluters in our country is the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District.
Says the United States has treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties, not authorized by Congress.
"Social Security ... is solid through about 2040 without any changes whatsoever."
Says under his utility rate plan, An estimated 50 percent of our residential households will see a decrease in their water and wastewater bills.
Weeks after accepting a quarter-million-dollar campaign contribution from a hospital board chairman, Greg Abbott went to court against victims of a drug-taking neurosurgeon.
We have been teaching these (Common Core) standards in Florida schools since 2010.
If youre from Guatemala and you are found illegally in Mexico, you are automatically jailed.
On oil drilling off Virginias coast.
Says Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world.
When Congress voted to condemn Iran for sentencing a Christian pastor to death, (U.S. Rep. Lois) Capps was the only member who voted no.
Six institutions in our country now control two thirds of the capital.
Bruce Rauner is of record that he will fully support the Trump candidacy. Its documented. Its available.
State pension fund staffers lost billions. Then Sink gave them bonuses.
The Austin school district calendar lists 64 different dates for either a state-mandated test or make-up test.
Most of the newspapers that endorsed Alex Sink also endorsed Barack Obama.
John McCain "is proposing tax cuts that would give the average Fortune 500 CEO an additional $700,000 in tax cuts."
Says President Barack Obama wants to raise the lowest (income) tax rate from 10 to 15 percent.
Says Scott Walker eliminated his own office of economic development in the middle of this recession.
Says Schaufler was the only Democrat who voted to stop the states health care reform plan.
Typical minimum wage earners in America are teenagers living with their parents in middle class families.
All travelers -- even babies -- arriving in the U.S. by air must have a passport.
Says she is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined.
Right now we are spending at an all-time high, close to 25 percent of our GDP [is] being spent on the federal government. But our revenues are at an almost all-time low of about 15 percent [of GDP].
Earlier this year, the head of the Congressional Budget Office testified before Congress that implementation of Obamacare would cost 800,000 jobs.
According to a recent poll, there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents (health insurance) plans than young Democrats.
[Tailpipe emissions rules], if fully implemented with all the regulations that go with it, they will keep the temperature from rising nearly five one-hundredths of a degree Fahrenheit. By 2050.
Michael Thurmond authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgias senior citizens and working families.
[T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior.
Says Marco Rubio would take away a womans right to choose for victims of rape or incest.
DeKalb County has graduated five police academies and three fire academies to help reach its ambitious hiring goals in both departments.
Says President Barack Obamas parents were communists.
None of $400 million the City of Austin proposes to spend on road projects will be used to add new lanes to congested roadways.
(Rep. Bob Goodlattes) balanced budgetamendment does not require a balanced budget.
John McCain accused Barack Obama "of letting infants die."
Sherrod Brown voted six times to raise his own pay.
The size of our federal government has more than doubled since the year 2000.
The latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly 315,000 Americans have simply given up hope when it comes to finding a job.
The changes to Georgias tax and fee structure is an overall tax cut.
Gun homicide is down 49 percent in the past 12 years.
Thirteen hundred applicants in Rhode Island signed up for insurance through Obamacare.
Theres no money in Social Security.
Says it cost Massachusetts taxpayers $100,000 when Mitt Romney and his staff purchased computer hard drives.
On support for gay marriage
A Republican-led softening of firearms training rules means that untrained individuals would be allowed to carry guns with a state permit.
Says Julie Parrish voted to divert $160 million from public schools to private for-profit schools.
The employer mandate affects only 5 percent of businesses in this country.
The study that states that more than 70 percent of the traffic on the Sellwood Bridge is to/from Clackamas County has been thoroughly debunked by The Oregonian.
Clinton has "raised the most money from Washington lobbyists ... from the health industry, drug companies, health insurance companies (and) the defense industry."
If all of the [Bush-era] tax cuts expire on schedule, the budget will be close to being balanced in four years.
More than 60 percent of people in America support Planned Parenthood and only 11 percent approve of Congress.
There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
We know from the social science that children do best with a mom and a dad.
From 05 to 09, weve had 1,100 soldiers commit suicide, one every 36 hours.
All 28 members of NATO have pledged to spend at least 2 percent of their economy on defense. But only three countries do -- Britain, Greece and us.
Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin moved from 16th to third in percentage of people with student loan debt.
Nine out of the 10 poorest states are Red states.
In Wisconsin, unions can essentially give unlimited contributions to political parties, but business cant give any.
I sponsored the new Buy American law
Says Bernie Sanders has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA.
Funding the federal health care law without a tax hike will require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget.
A test last month at the MAX station at 162nd Avenue and East Burnside saw crime down 41 percent compared with December 2009
Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real.
Says new GOP Wisconsin Assembly members voted to take funding away from their public schools in their districts to give it to private Milwaukee voucher schools.
Gov. Lawton Chiles said "if I were to become ... become speaker of the House it would be (his) worst nightmare."
Following the 2009 session, Texas House Speaker Joe Straus was acknowledged and thanked for his tireless efforts by Planned Parenthood, the nations premier abortion provider.
Says Gov. Scott Walker has made Wisconsin 2nd in the nation in losing jobs.
Ohio today has the fewest number of state employees since the Reagan administration.
This is the worst jobs recovery since the Great Depression.
If the Sellwood Bridge is not replaced, it will have to be shut down within eight years.
On whether the governor of Massachusetts should be able to appoint an interim U.S. senator
In 1950, corporations paid $3 in taxes for every $1 by a worker. Today, they pay 22 cents for every $1 by a worker.
In the last four years, our economy has grown on average 0.9 percent a year.
Rhode Island has taken its federal Medicaid funding and shown it can run the program more cost-effectively than the federal government.
Harry Reid has voted to give illegals Social Security benefits even for the time they were here illegally.
Just a little over 60 percent of your electric bill, my electric bill, 60 percent of that is pass-throughs, whether they be for building of nuclear plants or whatever they may be. A planned nuclear plant repair will only increase that percentage.
Theres nothing in the voting instructions that weve been getting in the last several elections that lets you know about the limitations of the master lever.
On raising taxes.
An Obamacare slush fund paid to spay and neuter dogs and cats, then counted it as an anti-obesity campaign.
There is currently no ability to vet these people, referring to Syrian refugees.
Says during George W. Bushs administration we were losing millions of jobs per month, while under Barack Obama we have three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month.
Under the administration of Gov. Scott Walker, northern Wisconsins mining economy is moving forward and more people are getting good, high-paying jobs.
"More people without health care since George Bush took office; more children in poverty since George Bush took office."
Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED.
"We've lost over 5,000 Americans over there in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and plus the civilians killed."
On mandating health care coverage.
Says Ron Johnson voted five times for tax breaks that help companies ship Wisconsin jobs overseas.
Says he led the effort to build a new (University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee) engineering campus in Wauwatosa.
There have been seven investigations (of Benghazi) led mostly by Republicans in the Congress that concluded nobody did anything wrong, but there were changes we could make.
One-third of the economic stimulus package was tax cuts.
Taxpayers pay $18,000 a month for House Speaker Nancy Pelosis district office in downtown San Francisco.
Sherrod Brown opposed blocking a new EPA emissions rule, despite acknowledging that the EPAs cap-and-trade regulations are burdensome and could harm economic growth in Ohio.
(President Barack Obama gave) half a billion in taxpayer money to help his friends at Solyndra, a business the White House knew was on the path to bankruptcy.
"If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars."
"The average student will be spending $1,700 to $1,800 more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge."
In Afghanistan, it is very, very rare that someone who is killed in action is not killed by an improvised explosive device, or IED.
Says a federal plan to expand Medicaid would cost Florida taxpayers $26 billion over 10 years.
Says I dont agree with Mr. Hales that we should give a sweeping break to the developers to allow them to build that infill housing without paying for those very basics.
The Obama administration is proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obamas Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030.
African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do.
I have always opposed drivers licenses for illegal aliens.
Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think youve made a mistake.
Says Kurt Schrader cast the deciding vote that failed to extend tax cuts for Oregons middle-class families and small businesses.
Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and theyre rushing to build a lot more. Theyll have more than Great Britain sometime in the relatively near future.
Under a new federal regulation, it will cost Pinellas County $31 million to fix a single ditch.
Says Gov. Scott Walker is openly backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a 401(k)-style plan that will reduce pensions by at least a third for current and retired public employees
The latest evidence of Republican success is that since the beginning of the current legislative term, state unemployment has gone down almost 20% to 5% adjusted.
Republican Mark Kirk is outsourcing his campaign to a Super PAC funded almost exclusively by a bunch of hedge fund billionaires. ...I dont have a Super PAC.
Wisconsin education agency urged white students to wear white wristbands as a reminder about your (white) privilege.
Under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty enrichment has been limited to basically the weapons states.
Surface temperatures on Earth have stabilized.
Sen. Jeff Merkley voted six times for more debt.
How many concerts would Taylor Swift have to perform to pay off one day of interest on our national debt? She would have to perform every day for three years.
Congress has cut funding, has slashed funding, for veterans benefits over these last years.
U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston requested more earmarks than any other GA Congressman and all GA GOP members combined.
Siemens has been unable to fill approximately 200 skilled trade positions in metro Atlanta.
Fifty-three percent of graduates from liberal arts colleges these days cant find jobs.
Says Delaware County has more waterfront property than any other county in the state of Ohio
Says he has never received any contributions from the Koch brothers.
John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCains health insurance tax."
Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses.
Part of his ride was to warn the British that were already there that, Hey, youre not going to succeed.
Governing magazine has estimated that in the states that dont expand Medicaid, a minimum, they said of 40 percent of rural hospitals will close in those states...
Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care.
Under Republican Governor Chris Christie, tolls cost more. Train and bus rides cost more. College tuition goes up. But Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires.
Florida Democrats put my Social Security number and my wifes Employment Identification Number in a mail piece.
Says new EPA water regulations would force the state to make drainage canals every bit as clean as pristine Florida river systems.
During eight years under Ronald Reagan, African-American median income rose by about $5,000.
Says Oregon ranks 30th in the nation with regard to its incarceration rate.
Says Jeb Bush has released 10 percent of his emails.
Creeping defense commitments in (the Middle East) and globally now consume over half the U.S. discretionary budget annually.
As the CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina laid off 30,000 workers.
Politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right to spend my paycheck how I want.
91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college, but Marco Rubio opposes it.
Says Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to wipe Israel off the face of the earth. He will use it against the United States of America.
Bill McCollum on the Arizona immigration law.
There are no similar clips of Newt Gingrich talking about how ineffective President Bush was in trying to control North Korea.
Says Rick Perry is the guy that tracked down Democratic legislators who fled Texas in 2003.
Rhode Islands graduated driving license has saved hundreds of lives.
Eighty-five percent of Floridians who will benefit from expanding Medicaid are single, childless adults.
The Wisconsin unemployment rate was higher than the U.S. rate during only three months when Mary Burke was state commerce secretary.
Georgia lawmakers fuel up for the session by feasting on wild hogs.
Says Will Rasmussen falsely claimed he had lived in the West Linn district for about a year.
Ninety-five percent of all the wages in Texas are above minimum wage.
We dont have a (military) reserve force if something happens.
Saystheres 400,000 anchor babies born in the United States a year, which areindividuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound dogs to university research facilities.
Before the HOPE scholarship, 70 percent of the high school students who made 1400 or above on their SAT left the state of Georgia. Now, 70 percent of those stay in the state of Georgia.
"No Democratic campaign for (Fla.) governor has ever had these kinds of resources this early on in an election cycle."
Says Hillary Clinton has spoken such lies about my foreign policy. They said I want Japan to get nuclear weapons. Give me a break.
The error rates for the Fulton County elections department are well below the average.
Oregon concealed gun applications include home phone numbers, home address, Social Security numbers, what kinds of guns you have in the house whether you were dishonorably discharged from the military, what controlled substances you are taking and were you ever accused of -- accused, mind you -- of stalking.
"When I become the nominee, the Democratic nominee, I will be the only pro-choice candidate on the ballot."
While the smoking rate nationally has fallen, more than 18 percent of Georgians still light up.
While 38 percent of (firearms) dealers that were inspected in 2011 were noncompliant with federal law, only 0.05 percent of inspected dealers had their licenses revoked.
I think [a little] less than half of the people in our prisons are in there for less than a year. ... We have people who are check kiters and dont pay child support and we are locking them up in the state pen.
Rob Portmans plan to tax, slash and privatize Social Security would devastate Ohioans.
"The founders advised non-interventionism."
The state constitution clearly says theres not to be a state income tax in Tennessee.
The Bush administration prosecuted 190 suspected terrorists in federal courts.
Quarterbacks won the (Super Bowl) MVP more than 50 percent of the time.
This is the slowest job recovery since Hoover.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
In the past, President Obama has refused to meet with representatives from Cuban exile organizations.
Says his transportation plan would make Virginia the first state in the nation to eliminate the state tax on gasoline.
Wisconsin now ranks among the top 10 states for out-migration.
Weve outdrawn the Super Bowl for a little while now in the arenas and stadiums that weve followed them in for the Super Bowl. Weve gone in after [the NFL] and surpassed their ticket sales.
Wisconsin women are paid 81 cents to the dollar of a man doing the same job.
Steve Santarsiero wrote PAs Gun Safety Law.
Says Common Core is a federal mandate.
Milwaukees police chief can fire officers for basically no cause.
60 percent of Texas 8th graders are not proficient in math. Only 26% have a teacher with a undergraduate major in math.
John McCain "voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."
In Virginia, people are going and getting marriage licenses who are 12 and 13, and 14 and 15 years old.
Republican ideas on health care dont give people an option to even enroll in something that they can afford.
You cant build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia.
The Congressional Budget Office -- supposedly non-partisan -- estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four (from cap and trade) will be $6,800 per year.
The federal government is spending $46,000 a year per family (or group of four) and could balance its budget by dropping that to $30,000.
The Pentagon made up the since-debunked heroics of POW Jessica Lynch as she tried to avoid capture in Iraq.
The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent.
In just a few decades, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, other mandatory spending programs, and paying interest due on the debt will eclipse our entire budget.
There are only about 10 people in the United States Senate who have any real business experience.
Senator Jeff Plale saved my job -- and some 300 others at Bucyrus International.
Says he is the reason we do not pay a toll every time we pass over the bridge at MoPac and William Cannon.
Barack Obama is "the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."
SaysPatrick Murphys Pay More energy agenda means you could pay another $500 a year for your utility bills!
Paul Ryan is one of less than a dozen Republican congressmen to have voted for every bailout to come before Congress.
Says 50 million people would lose their health insurance if Obamacare is repealed.
Under Donald Trumps tax plan, the top 0.1 percent of taxpayers -- people earning multiple millions of dollars a year, on average -- would get more tax relief than the bottom 60 percent of taxpayers combined.
Federal money for Medicaid expansion is guaranteed for a few years and then goes away.
Says PolitiFact listed Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin as the Governor who told the most lies and our own untruthful Governor Chris Christie made it into Politifacts top five of Lie - en Governors.
On whether President Obamas speeches to school children spread socialist ideology.
The number of jobs created and people lifted out of poverty during Bill Clintons presidency was a hundred times what it was under President Ronald Reagan.
(Bill) McCollum also voted for numerous amendments to weaken the legislation, even voting to make trains less accessible to those in wheelchairs.
People want the minimum wage, they want marriage equality, they want womens health care. Theres issues that actually that really do matter, social issues that matter to the people of this state. So I know Barbara would support those issues, I know the governor hasnt. Youve seen the actions hes taken on them.
"Obama voted to raise taxes on people making just $42,000."
AIG has fully repaid the federal government plus a profit of more than $22 billion.
The financial regulatory bill will kill jobs.
Says McCain once said that on "the most important issues of our day, I've been totally in agreement and support of President Bush."
Says Barack Obama said when he was running for office four years ago that he would halve the annual deficit by the end of his first term. That simply has not happened.
Says if we raise the number of third-graders who read at a third-grade level, we affect everything, from graduation rates to incarceration rates.
Says as of November, we were ranked 45th in the nation in terms of job creation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
John Kitzhaber is the only pro-choice candidate in the race for governor.
You dont see Norway losing population, and its taxes are astronomical.
Manufacturing wages today in America on a per-hour basis are actually a bit lower than average wages in the economy as a whole.
Georgia public sector employees do not have a say in the conditions of their employment, do not have bargaining rights or a say in their working conditions.
Says that as Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney condemned coal-fired plants, saying they kill people.
College tuition rates in Texas jumped by 55% since 2003.
Several elected state officials have opened their homes to children in need of loving families.
Rhode Island is one of only six states to use E-Verify.
We know from ... the federal data, that they only stop or apprehend one out of four illegal people crossing our border.
John McCain has given erratic and inconsistent answers on when troops should return from Iraq.
Says he signed legislation leading to 12 Texas abortion clinics being closed.
Youve got each day 10,000 new seniors, baby boomers, becoming eligible for the entitlement programs.
Says economists Harvey Rosen and Martin Feldstein have said that paying for (Mitt) Romneys tax cuts would require large tax increases on families making between $100,000 and $200,000.
Three courts have found the new health care law constitutional and two have found it unconstitutional.
You cant bring an iPad or a piece of paper and a pencil in the (Wisconsin Assembly) gallery to take notes of whats going on, but you can bring a gun up there.
Says he tore down hundreds of abandoned homes that served as havens for crime and reduce(d) the value of our neighborhoods.
The proposed mine in northern Wisconsin would be built without any government oversight, and will be nine miles long.
Says car insurance rates have decreased since about a decade ago because of market-based solutions that attracted more auto insurers to New Jersey.
At the moment, energy companies spend 0.25 percent on RD.
The U.S. military is in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world.
The Russians didnt wear uniforms when they came in to Ukraine.
Says that illegal immigrants get a $100,000 break on University of Texas tuition over four years.
Rick Perry doesnt think there should be a federal minimum wage.
Since I took office, Wisconsin ranks 11th in the nation in total business establishment growth compared to 47th in the years Mary Burke was Commerce secretary.
It is truethat we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez (Mexico)
A real result of his term is Georgia having the lowest taxes per capita of any state.
Democrats say Chafee wants to tax equipment that enables amputee veterans to drive
Even high estimates for an early draft of the health care plan are less than the $1.8 trillion cost of the Bush tax cuts.
Says Donald Trump was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first hed want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them.
In 2008, tourism brought in $38 billion dollars and supported more than 300,000 jobs in the state of New Jersey.
Florida is 49th in per capita spending on mental health care.
Says President Barack Obama has been presiding over our jobs going overseas for seven years.
The oceans have become 30 percent more acidic.
The book Little Red Riding Hood is something thats been banned in America, but not assault weapons.
The nations food supply is 99.99 percent safe.
150,000 (oil spill) claims have been filed by Floridians, but only 40 percent of them have been paid.
In Rhode Island today, 25 percent of our households either dont have a bank account at all, or they have a bank account and theyre still relying on high-cost financial services like payday loans, pawn shop check cashing and so on.
Despite what you may have heard about Wisconsins finances, Wisconsin is on track to have a budget surplus this year.
Weve saved over $100 million of (health care) costs in Milwaukee County. I did that.
Says that from 1992 through 2010, every statewide candidate drawing over 43 percent of the vote in a Republican Texas primary won the resulting runoff.
Says members of the military have sent him more campaign contributions than theyve sent President Barack Obama and more than twice what theyve sent other Republican presidential candidates.
The federal health care law raises taxes and cuts Medicare.
"The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that."
Says President Barack Obama has not raised taxes.
SaysDonald Trump called pregnant employees an inconvenience.
Every month, we get the reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics that say even more people have given up looking for work.
"McCain opposes repeal of the death tax."
Says for the equivalent cost of a single mile of freeway, we have a bike infrastructure.
While (Chris Christie) talks about job creation, we dont see jobs being created in this state.
We have more scientists and engineers per square mile than anywhere in the world.
"The Defense Department received only one-half of 1 percent of the nearly trillion-dollar stimulus package funding."
The (Wisconsin) governor has proposed tax giveaways to corporations.
Bike lanes and sidewalks have been proven to reduce crashes by up to 38 percent on Austins streets.
Every illegal immigrant can be eligible for up to $36,000 to $38,000 in earned income tax credits without paying a dime in.
You look at defense were spending more than the rest of the world combined.
The Navy is bringing charges against a Navy officer who shot at the Chattanooga shooter for illegally discharging a firearm on federal property.
The 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
Says Daniel Webster used taxpayer funds to build a lobbyist lounge.
We got a million jobs.
Says Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser has prejudged matters that are likely to come before the court.
Says Hillary Clinton sent a memo to all State Department staff that said you should not do State Department business on personal email.
As governor, I cut $5 billion in spending.
Ann Kuster turned a blind eye to those in need of funding by voting against funding for our nations veterans, low-income women and children, the FDA and the National Institutes of Health.
One person has been fired at the Veterans Administration for withholding services.
Currently, almost 40 percent of people with HIV are not diagnosed until they already have developed AIDS. And that can be up to 10 years after they first are infected with HIV.
"Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011. This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ... A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS!!!"
Trump refuses to denounce the KKK.
Says Barack Obama broke a decades-old policy of not negotiating with terrorists.
Corporate taxes will soon be the highest in the industrialized world.
Lincoln was fervently making plans to send all freed slaves to the jungles of Central America once the (Civil War) was over. The only thing that kept this from happening was his assassination.
Semi-automatic weapons, whether pistol or rifle, were designed for use by the military on the battlefield.
Herman Cain is a pro-choice candidate.
Subsidies for oil and gas companies make up 88 percent of all federal subsidies. Just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the U.S. government $45 billion every year.
Says if elected, he would be the first Mayor who lives east of 82nd.
Mitt Romney is the first Massachusetts politician to run for president and not win the New Hampshire primary in a generation.
In the stimulus, "$15 million dollars went to 'build a bigger, better airport' for the town of Ouzinkie, Alaska, population 165."
For African-Americans between the ages of 17 and 20, the real unemployment rate is 51 percent.
"President Obama has broken his pledge to the American people to be transparent throughout (health care reform negotiations)."
The Obama administration will give Pennsylvania $160 million to pay for health insurance plans that cover any legal abortion.
In New Orleans, nearly100 percent of our kids are in charter schools.
The steel industry is producing as much steel in the United States as it ever was. Its just (that) it needs one-tenth of the workers that it used to.
If you want to see the jobs that Ive saved and created in this storm he helped create, go anywhere in Ohio.
Austin is the largest city in the U.S. or Texas with no geographic representation on its city council.
"She stood by our National Guard and Reserve and kept standing till they received health care they deserved."
Under Donald Trumps tax plan, 51 percent of single parents would see their taxes go up.
In 40 years, 23,000 chemicals came on the market and only four were regulated.
"We have more coal reserves in the United States than they have oil reserves in Saudi Arabia."
Over half of the people who would be taxed under (a millionaire surtax) are, in fact, small businesspeople.
Mental health provisions related to mass shootings got over 90 votes in the Senate.
Young women today in metropolitan areaswho are childless and single are out-earning childless, single young males.
In terms of the wealthiest Americans, were at the lowest tax rate since the 1950s.
No one thought we could get a bipartisan bill (Medicaid) passed. We did in the Florida Senate.
Romneycare covers abortion, illegal immigrants and has a public option. Obamacare does not.
Not a single Republican candidate, announced or potential, is clearly and consistently supporting a path to citizenship. Not one.
Obamacare carries on even under a government shutdown.
Atlanta Public Schools 2011 CRCT tests were given under the strictest security possible.
Says Barack Obama promised gasoline at $2.50 a gallon.
When I was Mayor of South Pasadena, we actually reduced the property taxes we collected.
Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan attacked the president for the same amount of Medicare savings that (Ryan) had in his own budget.
Were losing almost 6,000 state jobs.
About 40 percent of U.S. illegal immigrants came in on an airplane, with a legal visa, and just overstayed their visa and have never gone home.
The Obama administration "spent more money on the Cash for Clunkers program than the space program."
Florida has more concealed weapons permits than any other state.
Says Hillary Clinton told her daughter and a government official that Benghazi was a terrorist attack, and then tells everybody else that it was a video.
Google search spike suggests many people dont know why they voted for Brexit.
"I got a letter from 20 people who said they wanted their money back, 14 never gave me a penny."
Gov. Kitzhaber oversaw creation of the Oregon driver card law behind closed doors without allowing any input from citizens who represent the public interest.
"So that 2005 energy bill was a big step backwards on the path to clean, renewable energy. That's why I voted against it."
Says abortions are decreasing.
Abraham Lincoln (once) jumped out of a window in the Illinois Legislature in order to deny a quorum.
Since December 2010 Florida has created 540,000 new jobs.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit compared the health care law to buying a pepperoni and ham pizza from Dominos or Pizza Hut.
On choosing a Texas House speaker
"She flunked the D.C. bar exam."
Because of the new health care law, 2.5 million young adults now have coverage.
Pennsylvania has lost 35 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001 and Harrisburg has lost 40 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001.
Farouk is on fire.
Says Patrick Murphy was named one of Americas least effective congressmen.
Obamacare adds trillions to our deficits and to our national debt.
Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Russ Feingold voted over 250 times to raise taxes.
The gun industry isthe only business in America that is wholly protected from any kind of liability.
Your tellers were paid kickbacks for directing elderly consumers from ... safe deposits to risky ones.
The only people in this town that have voted to cut Medicare spending are the people who voted in favor of Obamacare. Thats a fact.
Says Barack Obama didnt keep his promise to have an immigration bill in his first year.
In the early 1960s, all levels of government were consuming about 27 percent of the U.S. economy, a number that has risen to 37 percent today. With that trendline, we cease at some point to be a free economy.
Hillary Clinton "actually differed with (John McCain) by arguing for exceptions for torture before changing positions."
The hole in the earth thats going to be dug (for the proposed Gogebic mine) is bigger than my entire district.
Health insurance companies are making record profits, right now.
Every 10th dollar spent by the Social Security Administration on its program for the poor is waste, or fraud, they cant validate that the people should have gotten it, totaling about $8 billion a year.
Says Bill Clinton gave a speech in 1996 about Iraq having WMDs and said we needed a regime change, even though everyone blamed those things on George W. Bush.
President Obama was saying success is the result of government, not hard-working people, when he said, If youve got a business, you didnt build that. Somebody else made that happen.
Says Thom Tillis refuses to say what we should do to combat ISIS.
Fox admits they lie and, under the First Amendment, have the right to lie or deliberately distort news reports on public airwaves.
Idaho was the only Republican-led state in the nation that chose to partner with President Obama by creating a state-based marketplace under the Affordable Care Act.
Federal investigators found a company that (David Perdue) ran discriminated against women -- paid them less than men for the same work.
(The farm bill) has aprovision that would in many ways reduce the deficit.
A (state) trooper with 10 years on the force is getting $500 a year more than a trooper with 10 minutes on the force.
Only about a third of Texans who enroll in college graduate.
For the last decade, Floridians salaries have shrunk substantially when adjusted for inflation.
Congress shoveled $700 billion into the Troubled Assets Relief Program, $325 billion of which has been spent without purchasing any toxic assets.
Says Bill Nelson cast the deciding vote for Obamacare cutting Medicare spending by $700 billion and letting an unelected board decide what gets covered here.
Christmas trees are grown in all 50 States.
Barack Hussein Obama will .. force Christian organizations to pay for abortions.
Tim Kaine, as governor, proposed tax increases on people earning as little as $17,000.
When we held recent economic dialogues with China, we agreed on over 100 different things including wildlife trafficking and volcano research. None of these 100-plus points of agreement addressed cybersecurity.
Barack Hussein Obama will ... force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers.
Obama "promises more taxes on small business, seniors, your life savings, your family."
On an early date for Floridas presidential primary
Alex Sink was "the first official who said that BP should pay $25 million for an ad campaign to promote Florida tourism."
Says drug dealers have overdosed on purpose to avoid prosecution.
Texas is experiencing the fastest population growth in the country, adding more than 1,000 people a day.
"The average cost for health insurance in Florida went from about $600 a month for an individual to about $150 a month."
Says Ohio has 77 job training programs spread across 13 state agencies.
The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are right now back on the battlefield.
Clinton said great things about NAFTA until she started running for president.
Members of the military dont contribute toward their pension.
These are radical Islamic terrorists, and (Hillary Clinton) wont even mention the word.
"Gov. Romney's own health care plan in Massachusetts ... requires by law that a representative from Planned Parenthood sit on the MassHealth advisory board."
"There are no earmarks" in the stimulus bill.
Under those eight years before (Barack)Obama came along, we didnt have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States since Sept. 11, 2001.
Forty-five percent of those whove been unemployed, theyve been unemployed for six months or longer.
The Every Student Succeeds Act did away basically with Common Core.
Says Senate candidate Katie McGinty made thousands from companies she previously regulated.
Congress and President Obama have accumulated more debt since he took office than the total amount of debt accumulated during the first 200 years of the United States existence.
Says Hillary Clinton tripled the number of people with AIDS whose lives are being saved .. and it did not cost you any more money.
Florida ranks last in the ratio of employees to residents...And Florida is dead last in the nation in state employee payroll expenditures per resident.
President Barack Obamas Fiscal Year 2013 budget proposal couldnt get support from either party in the House or the Senate.
Every engine manufacturer in the United States is now in the state of Texas.
Wisconsin was embroiled in a constitutional crisis brought on by the Democratic senators fleeing the state for Illinois to block Gov. Scott Walkers budget-repair bill.
In 2011, (the Islamic State) attempted to attack Fort Knox.
Undocumented immigrants pay $12 billion of taxes every single year.
The average student comes out of college hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt.
Says Austin Mayor Steve Adlers transportation plans linked to Proposition 1 on the ballot remove 27+ miles of traffic lanes around the city, replacing them with lanes dedicated to usage by bicycles and buses.
Fully inflating tires is "a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent."
Tennessees appeals court judges were selected by a handful of party officials in Nashville before the system of merit selection was put into effect.
Over the next two years, this $1.8 billion deficit will cost individual Wisconsinites $300 each, or $1,200 for families of four.
Says new figures he released showing Wisconsin job gains for 2011 are the final job numbers.
Says he forced Washington to open up the Arctic Ocean to oil drilling.
A bipartisan payroll tax cut championed by the White House has meant that the average family has an extra $1,000 in their pocket this year.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 120 Americans on average die from a drug overdose every day. Overall, drug overdose deaths now outnumber deaths from firearms.
The United Nations has conducted 172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations.
The insurance risk corridors arent going broke like Republicans predicted.
RIPTA has really some of the fullest buses for its transit agency size around the country.
Says Michael Cargill was arrested and incarcerated in Bell County.
"Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds."
Every one of more than 30 federal judges who have considered the issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June ruled that marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right based on their sexual orientation.
The Obama administration has cut taxes on small businesses 17 times.
Every Republican Senate candidate has now announced whether or not they support the Senate taking up the Supreme Court vacancyexcept for Congressman Heck.
Says Democratic opponent is too Republican to stand up for us.
Says that when he was governor of Utah, he worked with the state Legislature to create a flat tax that cut income taxes by 30 percent.
The health care plan for members of Congress "is no better than the janitor who cleans their offices."
On most things except witch trials, Virginia will always have been first.
Dan Webster would force victims of rape and incest to bear their attackers child.
The Great Lakes Compact has a loophole. And the loophole is that while you cannot remove the water in a big transport, you can remove it in containers of 5.7 gallons or less.
Americas tax code hasnt been updated in 30 years.
In July 2010 the government said small businesses -- 60 percent -- will lose their health care, 45 percent of big business and a large percentage of individual health.
If our recovery were more typical of the postwar era . . . we would have 14 million more jobs today.
The Banking Committee voted a 1,336-page bill "out of committee in 21 minutes with no amendments, with the understanding that before the bill came to the floor, we would reach this bipartisan agreement."
A majority of our students are trapped in underperforming schools.
Road construction bids are coming in at the lowest in the modern era.
Alex Sink wants to cut Medicare.
Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan want to turn Medicare into a voucher system.
Every family health insurance policy has "a $900 hidden tax" to subsidize health care costs of the uninsured.
Says Tammy Baldwin had the opportunity to vote to honor the victims of 9/11 and she voted against it.
In her campaign for president, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million in contributions from Wall Street and hedge funds.
Says Obama flip-flopped on withdrawing troops from Iraq.
Federal law adopted under Tommy Thompsons watch prohibits the government from negotiating for better prices on prescription drugs for senior citizens
Jeff Greene "is the king of the undercover Credit Default Swap that brought about the destruction of our economy that we have right now."
After filing a lawsuit in Rhode Island, we reached an agreement with state agencies that resulted in more voters being registered in the first full month after our lawsuit than in the entire previous two-year reporting period.
Non-defense discretionary spending has increased by over 80 percent in the last two years.
Two million new jobs have been created, in California since 2011.
Replacing 100,000 old toilets with water-efficient models has saved 2.4 million gallons of water every day.
[Georgia] Republicans have mismanaged unemployment benefits.
We would be just like North Carolina with HB2-like (transgender bathroom) legislation. It actually passed our chamber and I vetoed it.
"The Interior Department has only 30 days to review an exploration plan submitted by an oil company. That leaves no time for the appropriate environmental review. The result is, they are continually waived."
Says because of Hurricane Sandy in Atlantic City much of that boardwalk no longer exists -- just the pillars where the boardwalk used to be.
Says the fertilizer plant that exploded in West, Texas,had not been inspected by the state of Texas since 2006.
Says Hillary Clinton was completely exonerated, when I was in the White House by an officialinquiryon Whitewater.
Former Gov. Rick Perry signed a law that a federal court said was actually written with the purpose of discriminating against minority voters.
Federal regulations required the changes to Georgias drivers license renewal process.
Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies. She is responsible for ISIS.
"Fifty-three percent of teens in Central Falls are getting pregnant."
Says Mitt Romney called the Arizona law a model for the nation.
There was some sort of informal commitment to build a (psychiatric) building in downtown Cleveland.
"Snitker has been virtually ignored by the major media."
There are 86 languages spoken at Miami Dade College.
Chris Jacobs has been financed by the same men who are now facing charges in one of Western New Yorks largest public corruption schemes
Ninety-eight percent of the American people will not see their taxes go up due to the House health care bill.
The Capitol was built by slaves.
On applying prosecutorial discretion to immigration cases.
Says Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security, and Medicare for illegal immigrants, breaking the federal budget.
Its actually easier for the United States to get flight manifests from E.U. nations than it is for E.U. nations to get them from their own neighbors, thanks to an agreement the U.S. negotiated when I was secretary of state.
Says Oregon canned blueberries will be cheaper in South Korea thanks to a trade agreement.
Under Barack Obama, the fewest number of adults are working since Jimmy Carters presidency.
"I'm proud of the fact that I've raised more money from small donors than anybody else, and that we're getting $25, $50, $100 donations, and we've done very well doing it that way."
Says U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue flip-flopped on releasing his tax returns.
Half of all CEOs say that the shutdown and the threat of shutdown set back their plans to hire over the next six months.
Sherrod Brown failed to pay his own taxes three separate times.
The Central Falls fire department is one of the lowest, if not the lowest, paid fire departments in the state and entire region.
Says Ronald Reagan understood repeatedly that when the deficit started to get out of control, that for him to make a deal he would have to propose both spending cuts and tax increases.
Two-thirds of Granite Staters oppose the Tea Party and its agenda on labor unions.
Since President Obama took office in January 2009, the federal government has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations.
No one in the country has ever built a brand new sports facility and created this kind of development at the same time.
A government analysis shows under a proposed transportation tax, metro Atlanta will create or support an additional 200,000 new jobs, including jobs that are maintained year over year.
Says Connie Mack was the only member of the Florida delegation that voted against a bill to help NASA.
The U.S. gun homicide rate is 20 times the combined rate of other western nations.
Miami-Dade has the nations highest-rated tap water.
Says Barack Obama is the only president to ever cut $500 billion from Medicare.
Medical-grade marijuana alonewill not get that patient high, no matter what level of THC, CBD or any other compound is found in the plant.
The United States is the oldest democracy in the world.
In the Senate version of the health reform bill, "Every enrollee in the Office of Personnel Management enrolled plan, every enrollee has to pay a minimum of $1 per month towards reproductive rights, which includes abortion."
Says she oversaw an audit that won the city $2 million in franchise fees.
Sen. Rubio has the worst vote attendance record of any Florida senator in nearly 50 years.
"I can't sign money. That's illegal."
United States of America is twenty-sixth in school performance in the world.
The average person will pay $6,000 more a year under Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare proposal.
The University of Wisconsin System budget is the biggest it has ever been.
There are still tens of thousands of missing service members from previous and current conflicts that our nation is working to find and repatriate.
Property taxes had increased 70 percent in the previous 10 years.
"Wild Bill Hickok had his first duel in the town square here. And the family legend is that he is a distant cousin of mine."
Mike Morell testified and told Congress that the reason Obama has not bombed ISISoil fields is theyre concerned about global warming.
Ohio companies export more goods and services globally than 41 other states.
Says aWHO proposal portrays milk and dairy products as an obstacle to a healthy start in life.
Says Jon Runyan voted to end programs to aid homeless veterans.
Barack Obama "openly supported (opposition leader) Raila Odinga during his visit to Africa in 2006."
More Hispanics have been elected statewide (in Texas) on the Republican ticket than on the Democratic ticket.
Richard Nixon released tax returns when he was under audit.
Says Texas lawmakers in 2011 ordered school districts to test every student on their respiratory system and weight.
Im the only candidate for governor whos rolled out any policies so far.
On a government spending freeze.
The HOPE scholarship has helped turn our University System into one of the best in the Southeast, with two institutions ranked in the top 20 of public universities in the country.
Barack Obama issued a decree demanding that every public school now allow grown men and boys into the little girls bathroom.
Says in his years as a Texas legislator, we passed three pay increases for teachers and provided them with health insurance.
Says gun ownership information could be recorded and collected by the federal government and insurance companies as part of the federal health care law.
Says since Australia passed tough gun laws, homicides by firearm have declined almost 60 percent.
Exit polls indicate that Democrats get over 70 percent of LGBT votes in federal elections.
As secretary of state, (Hillary Clinton) worked hard to get strong sanctions against Irans nuclear program and got Russia and China to support them.
Taxpayers even footed the bill for Perrys trip to a bachelor party in Las Vegas.
Says Iraq has been overrun by ISIS because Hillary Clinton failed to renegotiate . . . a status of forces agreement.
The federal government borrows $4 billion every day.
Connecticut has the fifth toughest gun control laws in the country, including an assault weapons ban that bans 35 different weapons.
Under the Romney/Ryan budget, interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double.
Says we had to cut 13 billion dollars in state spending over two years.
Obamas job approval rating is up.
Says Ive been proven right about Hillary Clintons radical call for open borders, meaning anyone in the world can enter the United States without any limit at all.
When the Affordable Care Act was signed, 17 million American children had a pre-existing condition and were uninsurable.
Says local Texas chambers of commerce were granted exemptions from paying property taxes on their headquarter properties.
Preventive care saves money, for families, for businesses, for government, for everybody.
In Florida, its not illegal for an immediate family member of state officials to prosper from legislation supported by a spouse.
Says scientists are in dispute over whether being gay is a choice.
The proportion of Rhode Islanders entering substance abuse treatment primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in 20 years.
Says the Koch brothers want to protect tax cuts for companies that ship our jobs overseas.
Says Missouri Democratic Senate candidateJason Kander is attending fancy dinners all over the country.
15 years ago, cancer drugs cost an average of $10,000 a year. Now its $10,000 a month.
Anybody who is familiar with the historical data from the IRS knows that raising income tax rates will likely actually reduce federal revenues.
There are 3 million jobs that go vacant each month in this country.
Since 1990, in inflation-adjusted dollars, per-student funding of the (Florida) state university system from general revenue has dropped by about $4,000.
Kasichs budget raised taxes by billions, hitting businesses hard and the middle class even harder.
Romney used to favor gun control, and said he didn't want to go back to Reagan-Bush.
"Joe, I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history, but you don't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history.''
The administration was kicking and screaming all the way with these sanctions being put in place (on Iran).
Texas population is projected to double in the next 50 years or so, but our basic amount of water will remain about where it is now.
Palin had "executive experience" in the PTA.
Over the last six months, President Barack Obama has golfed 10 times and held 106 fundraisers, but his jobs council has never met.
The newly created state Immigration Enforcement Review Board can actually prosecute, and get them [violators] into jail, if we bring in the attorney general.
Wisconsins concealed-carry permit rules demand more proof than other states that safety training requirements are met, rendering all existing (training) certificates insufficient as part of the permit application
The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
Even though men comprise 49% of the population, they hold 80% of the lawmaking power in the Legislature (144 of 181 seats).
The United States (is) the largest provider of humanitarian assistance to displaced persons and refugees.
Not a single banker, a CEO from Wall Street, anyone from corporate America nobody, (there was) not one arrest of any of these people who brought down the economy in 2008.
The elimination of essentially every automobile would be offset by one volcano exploding.
"We are winning the popular vote."
Since 2008, we have cut 5,000 positions from Virginia public schools.
The presidents proposed budget will help reduce the deficit by $400 billion over the next decade to the lowest level since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
Says Mark Udall decided Obamacare. ... He passed Obamacare with his vote.
The 90 percent statistic ofsupporting background checks, thats been debunked.
Bob Barr has changed his position on the Defense of Marriage Act over the years.
Youth unemployment is through the roof.
Says 55 percent of council members have come from area where only 10 percent of Austinites live.
The transportation sales tax would cost the average consumer an estimated $112 a year.
Says that Sherrod Brown is an Obama rubber stamp for supporting the job-killing cap and trade plan.
Every major city which has a center of poverty is run by Democrats. Every major city.
Says there are half as many students in one Georgia technical college than there were two years ago.
"If you are driving on average in America this summer, you'll save according to Department of Energy figures about $70."
Says We do about 300 investigations a year into housing discrimination and in recent years have put about $150,000 of damages into the pockets of individuals who have been treated unfairly.
Says Jim Renacci opposed increasing combat bonuses for our troops.
46 percent of women between the age of 16 to 24 despise sexual contact in Japan.
The President wants the U.S. to sign on to the U.N.s International Criminal Court.
Obamacare was invented by liberal academic theorists.
Florida sheriffs unequivocally support the stand your groundlaw.
American families work hard to earn $4,250 a month. Obama is spending $18,972 a month on each illegal immigrant child.
"Mitt Romney opposed the gun lobby, even Ronald Reagan."
"Just this week we received the news that for the first time Social Security is now paying out more in benefits than it's taking in. That was something that was supposed to happen in 2016."
Theres no statistical evidence that a waiting period for handgun purchases reduces violence whatsoever.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned that the SAVE database is not a foolproof means of verifying (citizenship on) the voter rolls.
Ken Cuccinelli would take money away from public schools to fund private schools.
A recent Department of Labor study guessed Wall Street fees cost a worker 28 percent of the value of your plan over the span of your career.
The United States is not modernizing its nuclear weapons.
"The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America."
Soy ... el nico official estatal quin es un hombre de negocios.
Says Rick Perry said theres an administrator for every teacher in Texas public schools.
Its been 14 years since a president or a vice president or a member of their family has not gone and attended at least an event at the Olympics.
A Republican-sponsored Wisconsin mining bill will take at least seven years to create jobs.
As Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker eliminated the waiting list for long-term care for older adults through the Family Care program.
The Congressional Budget Office most recently came out and analyzed the current (health care) plan and said that it was not only deficit-neutral, but also that over 10 years it would create a $6 billion surplus.
The health care reform bill is the largest tax increase in U.S. history.
More than 30 cents of every state tax dollar goes to Medicaid.
The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance.
My Treasury team eliminated a 900-case backlog in the Crime Victim Compensation Program.
We have not had unemployment this high for this long since the Great Depression.
Congressman Duffy has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
There were fewer civilian casualties in Cambodia than there have been from American drone attacks.
Trade deals threaten Indias role as the pharmacy of the developing world for new HIV medicines.
NFL players are living, on average, longer than the average male.
Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal explicitly voted to fund abortions ...
"I won the majority of the Republican vote in both New Hampshire and South Carolina."
Says Ralph Hall is the oldest member in Congress ever.
Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world are in India and China.
The Recovery Act saved 60,000 jobs among law enforcement officials, firefighters in the state of Florida, plus another 20,000 educators.
"It is just a fact that Hamas, apparently the North American spokesperson, is endorsing Senator Obama."
Who would sign up to speak for a (Haitian) dictator? Rob Portman.
Under Barack Obama and the big government economy, the median wage for women has dropped $733.
Austins the fastest-growing city in the country the last five years.
Obama has (a) new Christmas tree tax.
Says under his leadership Wisconsin median household income is up 2.7%, while it is down 1.3% nationally under President Obama.
"For what we spend in just one week in Iraq, 800,000 children could get health insurance for an entire year."
U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has voted for $7 trillion of our national debt!
Our kids cant openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school.
Her opponent: zero times a judge, zero rulings, zero experience on the bench.
"Less than four cents of every health care dollar is spent on prevention and public health."
Over the last few decades, the income of the top 1 percent grew by more than 275 percent -- to an average of $1.3 million a year.
Says Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas.
New York is the safest big city in the nation, and our crime reductions have been steeper than any other big citys.
Says Pete Gallego went and lobbied after you fired him from Congress.
"But if my opponent had his way, the millions of Floridians who rely on it would've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week."
Americans invented the automobile.
Gov. Crist has never wavered in his support of the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms.
During the (Benghazi) attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times.
"I'm the product of a mixed marriage that would have been illegal in 12 states when I was born."
Says Oregonians for Food and Shelter proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies.
Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
"BP is setting up claims offices throughout the state."
Says Patrick Murphy advocated for cuts to Social Security and Medicare.
Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security.
The Florida Supreme Court has no express authority in the Florida Constitution to remove questions from the ballot proposed by the Legislature.
David Beckhams soccer stadium would get a special tax deal that lets them off the hook for $2 million in taxes every year for 30 years.
Says Ted Strickland admits his record on jobs and taxes is mixed and spotty.
China now owns $1.1 trillion of our debt, our trade deficit last year with them was a quarter of a trillion dollars.
On the success of Cash for Clunkers
Medicaid is the primary source of health insurance for 41.7 percent of Hispanic children in Georgia.
We just fought a Republican budget that ends Medicare as we know it.
The Internal Revenue code has ballooned to a 5,600-page, 4 million-word complicated mess that is seven times as long as the Bible with none of the good news.
A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are being apprehended at the border.
Social Security and Medicare are a Ponzi scheme.
Florida remains the top travel destination across the world.
"The majority actually want single-payer health care."
Right now we have sufficient reserves to take care of Tennessees lottery scholarship students for a few years more.
"Hillary Clinton believed NAFTA was a 'boon' to our economy."
Thurbert Baker kept a teen in jail "who didn't even commit a felony."
Three years after getting the $100 million (from Mark Zuckerberg), less than two-thirds of students in Cory Bookers Newark graduate.
Under John McCain's health care plan, people get a $5,000 tax credit to buy a $12,000 health care policy, and "that's a loss for you."
Who are the most consistently misinformed media viewers? Fox viewers, consistently, every poll.
The (border) fence is now basically complete.
Under Gov. Scott Walkers proposals, Money is being taken away from workers, and the tax breaks given to major corporations.
There are close to 900,000 unemployed veterans in America right now.
Virginia House Speaker Bill Howell is allied to group pushing MIXED SEX BATHROOMS in Stafford Schools.
Rob Cornilles is a Tea Party candidate.
Lincoln Chafee voted with President George W. Bush and the conservative leadership 76% of the time.
There are fewerwars, there are fewerpeople dying in wars now than there have been in quite some time.
So far, the war in Gaza has left more than 1,800 Palestinians dead -- the population equivalent to 100 9/11s.
Says Scott Walker left college under an ethical cloud for having tried to fix the election for student body president.
Only 25 percent of what people buy is subject to Rhode Islands sales tax.
Says the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent.
The post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim.
Says 74 percent of small-business people believe that Obamacare is a bad idea.
Texas has installed more wind power than any other state, and all but four countries.
Says Florida Gov. Rick Scotts cuts to education are the same as his proposedcorporate income tax rate reduction.
We have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
Says President Barack Obama could basically legalize all immigrants here illegally by the sign of a pen.
After President Barack Obamas health care law takes full effect, 100 percent of Americans will depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them.
Says Texas lawmakers last year expanded public educations share of state spending.
Says she made a cold call and persuaded an Illinois company to relocate to Wisconsin.
The sequester has already lost 1.6 million jobs.
Sotomayor ruled against the white firefighter Ricci and other white firefighters just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded.
A gallon (of gasoline) delivered to the front lines for our troops in Afghanistan cost more than $400.
Arkansas Democratic congressional candidate Chad Causey was a Washington, D.C. bureaucrat.
Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
A private company building a natural gas pipeline into Florida is being forced to spend months under the review of six federal agencies.
Everyone in this country has access to health care.
Social science is irrefutable that children are better off being raised by a mom and a dad.
Twelve percent of the garbage collected in those SOLV cleanups, by volume, is plastic bags.
Say George Washington said that when government takes away citizens right to bear arms it becomes citizens duty to take away governments right to govern.
Says Gov. Chris Christie has embarked on a tour to demand that New Jerseys Democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest.
Sherrod Browns approval rating has plummeted to 38 percent among Ohio voters in a poll by a Democratic pollster.
Oil companies are able to sell oil that costs no more to produce today than it did one year ago.
"Currently, we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock."
Says over 1 million signatures were submitted in attempt to recall Gov. Scott Walker.
60 percent of the jobs lost in the 2008 recession were living-wage jobs. Of the jobs weve gotten back, only 40 percent are living-wage.
As a state senator in Illinois, Obama made sure women got equal pay for equal work.
TheAffordable Care Actalters the sensible doctor-patient-relationship-centered health care program ... we see today.
Says Mike Enzi is getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. Thats more than any senator of either party.
An average of nine children a day in the U.S. die of gunshot wounds.
Austin is number one in Texas in startups, venture capital and patents.
In some communities, for $10,000 worth of (PIP) coverage its $1,500 a year.
Theyre saying that 40 percent of the traffic that goes over [the Sakonnet River Bridge is from] out of state.
(Stimulus money) went to critically important projects like studying ants in Africa.
There used to be 16 workers for every one person on Social Security. ... Now its three.
Washington politicians are paid over $200,000 an hour for speeches.
Certainly were going to be the most restrictive state in the land in terms of who can get medical marijuana, how it will be prescribed and how it will be achieved in terms of moving it into the marketplace.
"Klein did not hold a single town hall meeting (on health care) where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their views."
Wisconsins economy has tanked under Gov. Scott Walker andso far in 2015 over 6,685 people have been laid off, already more than in all of 2014.
In Virginias Medicaid program, approximately 30 percent, or $2.7 billion a year, is lost to waste, fraud and inefficiencies.
Says 3,000 Americans died of gunfire between the time of the Ebola scare in Dallas and the midterm elections.
Last year, I stopped an Obamacare bailout and saved taxpayers $2.5 billion.
Holding up a BlackBerry, McCain campaign adviser says, "youre looking at the miracle John McCain helped create."
"Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago."
Says TriMet now spends $1.63 in benefits for every $1.00 spent on wages.
A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.
Were making more than ever off oil and gas right now, but its no secret that oil production in Texas peaked in the 1970s.
Did you know ObamaCare will cost nearly twice as much as initially expected -- $1.8 TRILLION?
Says $6 billion projected to accumulate in the states rainy day fund is already used.
Says Julie Parrish is one of Sarah Palins mama grizzlies.
Almost every poll has shown that Sanders vs. Trump does a lot better than Clinton vs. Trump and, thats true nationally.
Greenlight Pinellas wont take existing lanes from other vehicles.
Regarding sexual assault against women, Its actually safer not to be in college than it is to be in college.
Perdue mismanaged Pillowtex, and nearly 8,000 people got laid off.
Im the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time theres a death of someone in police custody.
Austin ISD has the highest graduation rate of every major city in Texas.
We now know these firms areunwilling to put up any private money, for Californias high-speed rail project.
The economy we preside over today is better than the one we inherited.
Says Ron Johnson opposes entirely a federal minimum wage, except perhaps for guest workers.
Says Marco Rubio opposes abortioneven in the case of rape and incest.
Says Donald Trump has bankrupt four separate businesses.
"We must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production."
For the past year, I was censored and muzzled.
Due to Obamacare, Arkansas has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already.
Middle-class families throughout America (would) have to pay $6,000 per year to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy.
Says Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley reduces 36 percent of felonies to misdemeanors and hands them off to her.
Says Rep.Mike Coffman istheone who said he would support Trump.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, repealing Obamacare would increase the budget deficit.
"Today New Mexico (has) the sixth-fastest growing economy."
The Texas leg of the Keystone pipeline has already created 4,800 jobs in just the year its been up and running.
A third of the budget for the city of Ferguson (Missouri) was being reaped by civil fines.
McCain opposed the border fence.
SaysLoretta Lynchs nomination has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined.
I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats.
Taxpayer money will provide iPod Touch devices to high school students in Utah, BlackBerry smart phones to smokers who kick the habit and funding for a study of exotic ants in East Africa.
Says over 90 percent of Travis Countys eligible residents have registered to vote.
Says Mitt Romney has said we dont need more firemen, more policemen, more teachers.
"In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock."
On transparency in dealing with the Republican Party of Florida's financial issues.
Says a drug test can be performed for just $4 or $5.
Oregon House Republicans jobs plan could generate more than 50,000 jobs over five years.
More than 80 percent of Americans believe we need to have universal background checks.
We have cut our deficits by almost three-quarters.
On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
More children die in agricultural jobs than in any other industry.
Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day.
A grant for $5,000 [from the Governors Workforce Board] went to teach an employee at a company that makes ornamental business card holders how to use Facebook and Twitter.
Says rabid animals from other states carry different strains of rabies that Florida vaccines and serums dont affect.
Assaults on Wisconsin law enforcement officers are up 224 percent statewide since 2005
"We spent $223-million on a bridge in Alaska to an island with 50 people on it."
My wife is going to be the first Hispanic first lady in the history of Texas.
Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending.
Half of all NC legislative candidates are unopposed because of gerrymandering.
The health care law is the largest tax [increase] in the history of our country
A study ranked Florida No. 1 in government corruption under Gov. Rick Scott.
Broward County was one of three counties in the nation pivotal to an Obama victory in 2012.
Nevada will be energy independent within the immediate future.
Says there were only about eight or 10 inflammatory sentences in his newsletters.
Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour will destroy between half a million and one million jobs.
"Ten years ago, John McCain offered a bill that said he would ban a candidate from paying registered lobbyists."
Says if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma.
Says tenure still exists but its been overhauled for teachers in New Jersey.
On the coal industry
Secretly, unbeknownst to members of Congress, over $105 billion was hidden in the Obamacare legislation.
Says 77 percent of Portlands students finish elementary school without taking even one art class.
Florida ranks 45th in the nation for tuition.
The debt comes up all the time in town meetings ... but its never asked in the debates. Its really weird. It hasnt been brought up.
An annual income of $500,000 in Manhattan, believe it or not, is middle class.
When I was speaker, we had four consecutive balanced budgets.
Then-Sen. Barack Obama refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership.
"The Congressional Budget Office has found that (the stimulus) bill will lead to a real 0.1 to 0.3 percent reduction in gross domestic product by 2019."
Says David Rivera allowed House Republican leaders to strip key provisions from the STOCK Act that would crack down on insider trading by members of Congress.
Any Floridian who has ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically.
In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year.
When John Kasich became governor of Ohio, there was an $8 billion budget deficit and now theres a $2 billion surplus.
A request for "an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."
Democratic U.S. House candidate Julie Lassa pushed for a Canadian-style government takeover of health care.
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele once proposed a plan to end county funding to homeless shelters.
We have the highest per-pupil cost in the country.
In Texas, there are 668 Democratic Hispanic elected officials to the 60 in the Republican Party.
Without the financial resources provided by hunters to protect habitat and stop poachers, there would be no infrastructure for wildlife management.
Hitler didnt want unions. Stalin didnt want unions. Mubarak didnt want independent unions. These autocrats in history dont want independent unions.
Health care reform "establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats (the 'Health Benefits Advisory Committee') to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase."
"Obama did not open new lands to offshore drilling all of these areas were already open for drilling once Congress and President Bush lifted the moratorium in 2008. Instead, President Obama yesterday announced what areas he would CLOSE to offshore drilling."
The problem with invasive species today in the Great Lakes isnt ballast water.
Dan Branch once lobbied for the AFL-CIO.
Our state has no major rivers to produce big hydropower.
SaysCongressman Jack Kingston voted to raise his pay seven times.
Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before The Wizard of Oz hit the movie theaters.
Common Core means there are over 300 data elements the government is going to be collecting about your children and about you.
Obamas Justice-designate Sotomayor threw out (the New Haven firefighters) lawsuit in a sneaky, unsigned opinion -- the judicial equivalent of talk to the hand.
For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses dying than we do starting.
The UK has an unarmed police force and a firearm fatality rate that is 40 times lower per capita than in the U.S.
Say that under state law, systems development charges can only be spent on capital investment.
Says Mitt Romney and Bain Capital are to blame in a womans premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked.
Public sentiment in favor of collective bargaining and in favor of the unions has actually gone up as these governors, I think, have overreached and gone too far and tried to destroy the labor movement.
On resigning from the Texas Railroad Commission.
The 2013 immigration bill expanded President Obamas ability to bring Syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks.
Suzanne Bonamici was the only no vote on a 2009 bill cracking down on drunk drivers.
Regarding her State Department email practices, my predecessors did the same thing.
"We were promised (the stimulus) would provide 'green jobs' for Americans, but 80% of the $2 billion they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in China!"
Says the reasoning behind Portlands high water and sewer rates is all kinds of pet projects unrelated to the core function of the water and sewer bureaus
"Federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts."
Latinos now make up the majority population in Texas.
Under a law proposed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, businesses that move into Wisconsin dont have to pay any taxes on their income for two years.
I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance.
As Jim Doyles Commerce secretary, Mary Burke spent $12.5 million dollars to buy a vacant lot for a company that said it had no plans to create jobs in Wisconsin and had laid off 800 workers.
There is great disparity, tremendous disparity, in the (capital) funding on a per-student basis between our traditional public schools and our charter public schools.
(I) helped to invent a system that saved over a billion dollars on welfare.
There are more words in the IRS code than there are in the Bible.
Says Mitt Romney raised business taxes 20 percent in Massachusetts.
Says with the ongoing economic downturn, child abuse is on the rise.
Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.
Some 20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions as a result of political favoritism and backroom deals.
Six of the nations 10 wealthiest counties, according to median income, are in and around the Washington, D.C. area.
If theres a government shutdown, people dont get their Social Security checks.
Obama promised to cut the deficit by half by the end of his first term but he hasnt even come close.
Says President Barack Obama carried Congressional District 13 by 8.2 points in 2008 and 5.6 points in 2012.
According to a federal report, Obamacare will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2 trillion.
In Florida, 300,000 people are going to lose their individual coverage because of Obamacare. Now those people next year, they dont have health insurance.
Says House Republicans tried to change the definition of rape.
Republicans made it easier to buy a gun in states they won in 2010.
We have a goal of 10 percent of [City of Providence] contracts going to women and minority businesses. In reality, less than 1 percent of contracts go to women and minority businesses.
The Bush-era tax cuts failed to increase employment and work-force participation fell in 2001 and has never returned to the record level set in 2000.
We are not producing jobs. We created 80,000 jobs last month. We dont talk about the jobs that we lost. The net of it all is that we lost jobs.
Says he created more than 500 American jobs.
Were borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
Says Delta Air Lines has once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis.
Seven of Americas 10 wealthiest counties are in the Washington, D.C., area.
Voter identification laws make it complicated and expensive to get an ID, essentially instituting a modern-day poll tax.
Says that even if you have no children, under Obamacare, you would still have to carry insurance that covers pediatric, maternity and newborn care even though you do not need it.
Refugees are subject to more rigorous screening than the average tourist in the U.S.
Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo.
In fact, 85 percent of Oregonians voted in 2008.
Says adding toll lanes on I-95 in Broward County improved rush-hour traffic for non-toll lanes from 25 mph to 45 mph.
Says Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance companies they couldnt inform their policyholders of what they thought the impact of Obamacare would be on them.
Says There are now Occupy Wall Street camps in hundreds of cities across the United States.
When total Sandy spending is added up, its more than the annual budget for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. And its more than twice the annual budget of the U.S. Energy Department.
In 1968 the average corporate CEO made 20 times the average workers pay. Today that multiple is about 350.
Says About 7 in 10 of Oregons inmates are in prison for violent crimes and serious sex offenses.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid "said, quote, 'I can't stand John McCain.' "
Says he has exposed plans by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to push legislation that would allow the state to declare financial martial law and take over municipal governments.
"No, I did not (have illegal immigrants working at his mansion)."
"When the Fair Tax becomes law, it will be like waving a magic wand releasing us from pain and unfairness."
Governor Carcieri has not been campaigning with me.
Says U.S. Rep. Steve Daines, R-Mont., opposes a vote on his own legislation that he proposed just a few months ago.
Crist sent his "top policy staffer to the House Committee to testify in support of the proposal," then vetoed the bill.
"Recent census data shows that the average American family spends over $13,000 a year for health care coverage."
"I supported the surge when you didn't."
"I spend a lot of time in Iowa, and believe it or not, in Ottumwa, Iowa, this is the heartland, the newspaper, the regular newspaper for Ottumwa, Iowa, is (a) bilingual newspaper."
Since Scott Walker took office as governor in January 2011, there has been an increase of 33,200 jobs in Wisconsin.
Forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.
Buono voted 154 times to raise our taxes -- like the sales tax, the income tax, health care taxes, even small business taxes.
Says Donald Trump games the U.S. visa system so he can hire temporary foreign workers at low wages.
The Senate proposal to restore emergency unemployment benefits for five months was fully paid for.
From 1972 until 2011, the number of EPA employees increased by 107 percent while the number of total federal personnel decreased by 15 percent.
We got back every dime used to rescue the banks.
While Arkansas seniors depend on Social Security and Medicare, Sen. Mark Pryor supports an overhaul so they couldnt get Social Security until they turn 68 or 69.
A report by the health insurance industry "ignores some of the key policies that are part of the Senate Finance Committee bill."
Wayne Powell has a stated position of having no objection to taking `In God We Trust off of U.S. currency.
Police officers in this state have that right, to check the immigration status of people they arrest.
Says only seven percent of 2009s stimulus bill went toward transportation projects, yet they created over one-third of the bills total jobs.
Says Russ Feingold voted to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants
Twenty-five percent of our kids in foster care are there because their parents are involved in drugs.
Over 81 percent of the babies that are born at LBJ Hospital right here in Houston are born of women who are not here legally.
Betty Sutton gutted Medicare by $500 billion with her vote for the presidents health care bill.
In Chicago, school is never canceled because of winter weather.
California cut about $1.3 billion in child care (during the recession). Weve only reinvested about $300 million.
Donna Shalala left me with 12 million doses of smallpox vaccine and I created enough to vaccinate every man, woman and child against smallpox in America.
President Barack Obama shut down NASA space flights and turned the agency into a Muslim outreach department.
This rule could prevent children under 18 from using such tools as a power screwdriver, a milking machine or something as simple as a wheelbarrow on the family farm . . .
Under the compromise tax agreement, 99.7% of American families will not pay 1 nickel in an estate tax.
Millennials are more pro-life than baby boomers and older Americans.
Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush when he asked to extend unemployment insurance.
The amount of the revenue required by the state (for the construction of high-speed rail) is around 10 percent.
Ultimately, after an exhaustive investigation, the National Transportation Safety Board concluded that a Minneapolis bridge collapsed in 2007 because of an original design flaw dating back to the 1960s.
The truth is David Cicilline voted for tougher laws against child abusers, domestic abusers and abusers of the elderly.
"I had prostate cancer, five, six years ago. My chance of surviving prostate cancer, and thank God I was cured of it, in the United States, 82%. My chances of surviving prostate cancer in England, only 44% under socialized medicine."
Your Congressman, Charlie Bass, took over $166,000 from Big Oil.
Weve been able to create about 60,000 net new jobs in Virginia since February.
"If you have an investment for your child's education or own a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement plan, (Obama) is going to raise your taxes."
"Corporate profits are up, CEO pay is up, but average wages of Americans are flat."
"I have 35 years' experience making change."
Personal income is growing faster in Tennessee on average than any other state in the country.
Says Barack Obama has played nearly 100 rounds of golf as president.
Says the Army is spending $7 million to sponsor a NASCAR team.
"Obama voted to support President Bush between 40 and 50 percent of the time over the past two years."
The Democrats propose a government-controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly 120 million Americans of their current health care coverage.
Says Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett is responsible for the roughly $7,800 I pay in property taxes per year.
As Houstons mayor, I helped our area lead the nation in job growth.
Neighbors of the San Bernardino shooters knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it.
Ron Johnson is willing to hand over the Great Lakes to the oil companies.
There really isnt any kind of foreign policy network that is supporting and advising Sen. Sanders.
Says Ovide Lamontagne wants to eliminate kindergarten.
Heroin and prescription opioids are the number one cause of accidental or preventable death in Wisconsin.
"You know, we spent $3-million to study the DNA of bears in Montana."
"When you look at the nearly 150 men and women who have served us on the Texas Supreme Court, more than half of them had zero prior judicial experience."
Over the last 15 months, weve added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. Thats far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession.
The incidents of threats against (President Barack Obama) are greater than for any other president in modern times.
It took Obama six months to pick out a family dog, but he's cramming health care reform down the country's throat in a fraction of that time.
"Mayor Giuliani's lawsuit killed the line-item veto."
While (Barack) Obama preaches we are our brothers keeper, his brother and aunt live in real poverty in Kenya.
During my administration, for example, we boosted U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico by about 50 percent. That supports about 2.8 million American jobs.
If you shut down Amtraks Northeast Corridor, its estimated youd have to add seven new lanes to I-95 to accommodate the increased traffic.
"President Obama's proposed 'spending freeze' will only reduce the $42 trillion in government spending proposed between 2011 and 2020 by little more than one-half of 1 percent."
Just on Jan. 1 of this year, there were 40,000 new laws put on the books in one day.
One of three patients hospitalized (is) harmed by the care they receive.
At the beginning of World War II, we had a relatively small army, smaller than Portugals.
Says Hillary Clinton wantsillegal immigrants collectingSocial Security benefits.
Rep. Carol Shea-Porter votes with Nancy Pelosis Democrats 95 percent of the time, but Frank Guinta will take on both parties and has independent New Hampshire values.
Were within 600 miles of 60 percent of America. Were in a perfect location.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz has voted for huge subsidies for the sugar industry ... as well as for delays in cleanups.
State budget cuts for local schools resulted in nearly 4,000 educator layoffs
Says a gun bill before the Senate is proposing the universal registration of all firearms and their owners.
Says Charlie Crist was pro-life, pro-gun and vehemently anti-tax.
We were the No. 1 job creator in America in February and we are now the No. 4 job creator in the last year.
Up to half of all Americans have a pre-existing condition.
You are prohibited from walking into the Capitol with a gun, but you can go after the County Commission or the School Board.
Of all the illegals in America, more than half come through Arizona.
Georgia has recovered more than $60 million that was lost to Medicaid fraud
This is a test of the fact-checking widget.
Says unsuccessful Texas abortion legislation was supported by a majority of Texans.
Says Did you know that the #KeystoneXL project is expected to create 20,000 American jobs, including more than 800 in Oregon?
"In the 1990s, the Biden Crime Bill added 100,000 cops to America's streets. As a result, murder and violent crime rates went down eight years in a row."
Says that 93 percent of the time John Boccieri voted with Nancy Pelosi.
Says Paul Ryan shut off the C-SPAN cameras when the Democrats started their sit-in.
The right to vote in this country has never been intrinsically tied to citizenship.
Only one president has ever cut Medicare for seniors in this country . . . Barack Obama.
Having a baby is aleading cause of poverty spells in the United States.
David Jolly has used money and power to try to drill off our beaches.
You have to get a license to fish on our beaches.
Says Gov. Doug Ducey wants to use taxpayer dollars to increase the salaries of private prison guards.
The president won the youth vote 3 to1, but his numbers have dropped 20, 30 percent among the youth.
Minnesotas advantage in economic growth has been having Republicans in charge of at least one part of government for all but two years, while Wisconsin Democrats for many years before 2011 controlled both legislative chambers and the governorship.
Rhode Island voters are moving away from the Democratic party to non-affiliation
In the last 6 years, there have been 420 elections for State Senator and State Representative. Only three incumbents have been defeated!
Were seeing now 30 straight months of private-sector job growth, 4.6 million jobs created.
Says President Obama has doubled the deficit.
McCain has switched to Obama's position on more troops to Afghanistan.
Most of your serial killers, most of your people who commit domestic violence, they start off by abusing animals.
Says Ted Strickland supported giving $150 billion to Iranian regime that persecutes women, Christians and gays.
On the question on the DREAM Act, no -- no to granting lower tuition to illegals.
On possibly raising the Social Security retirement age.
The Republican-authored state budget includes a provision forcing people earning as little as $12,000 to buy private health insurance that could cost them as much as $4,000 per year.
Most AGs dont go to court..
Says State Comptroller Matthew Boxer pointed out that many towns are artificially lowering the real estate values that they report to Trenton in order to get hundreds of millions of dollars of additional school aid. This is the kind of fraud that needs to be addressed immediately.
On a bipartisan task force on ways to improve fiscal policy.
In the past three years, weve added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some.
Obama is the Senate's "most liberal."
"Three out of the 18 benchmarks of the (GAO) have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math, that is a failing grade."
When President Barack Obama said ISIS, or ISIL, was contained, he was responding very specifically to the geographic expansion of ISIL in Iraq and Syria.
U.S. Olympic medal winners will owe up to $9,000 to the IRS.
Eleven years ago, the city of Detroit lifted the residency requirement for police officers and today, 53 percent of officers live outside of the city. If we want the tax base of Milwaukee to resemble the tax base of Detroit, this is the way to go.
Look, the earmarks have come down significantly, 75 percent.
Says 2010 was the worst year ever for Americas doctors reimbursed by Medicare.
Says Carlos Beruff supported (Charlie) Crist even after he switched parties.
We have more women living in poverty in this state than almost anywhere else.
I have not insulted Donald personally.
Regulations have quadrupled. The rate of regulations quadrupled under this president.
U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn earned as much as $300,000 running a nonprofit that had laid off 90 workers.
Barbara Buono by the numbers: As a Trenton politician, she voted to raise taxes 154 times. Under her, property taxes up 70 percent. Backed a 16 percent sales tax increase. Utilities, nursing homes, cell phones, parking lots, lottery wins, gyms She taxed them all. Architect of Corzines budget, she drove New Jersey $2 billion into debt. Barbara Buono by the numbers: taking New Jersey backwards.
In recent years, menhaden numbers along our coast have plummeted by 90 percent.
"You don't even have to go outside Obama's campaign to find advisers who are anti-Israel."
Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known ... corporate profits are up.
Tim Kaine made Virginia the best state for business four years in a row.
During his 18-year Senate career, (Russ Feingold) supported judges who voted to deny your individual Second Amendment right. (He) promises to protect those rights, but thats not what his record shows.
Says Gov. Rick Perrys administration has proposed ending immunizations for 113,000 kids.
[R]emember, the president proposed eliminating charitable deductions for higher-income taxpayers.
Days after the (Osama bin Laden) raid, Hollywood was invited into the White House so that they could receive a briefing that revealed intelligence sources and methods.
Says Mitt Romney had millions in the Cayman Islands, a tax haven.
There is already a mosque four blocks away.
If you are black or brown, you are nine times more likely to be stopped and frisked in New York City.
Says Rick Scott presided over cuts to the Bright Futures college scholarship program.
Today the top 1 percent earn a higher share of our national income than any year since 1928.
"He reformed welfare before others tried."
"1.3-million people in America make their living off eBay."
Under Mary Burkes leadership, Commerce Department business-incentive programs had major shortcomings and 40 percent of jobs...didnt materialize.
Northern Virginia is the most heavily trafficked place in the country.
Under a proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, people on Medicare will only have $15,000 from the federal government to spend on their health care.
A fairly limited number of people, 25 million to 30 million, will be allowed to access a national health insurance exchange.
Its been 17 years that weve had unemployment higher than the national average in Oregon.
John McCain will keep the estate tax at 0 percent, the same as it is now.
In 2010, Mr. [Anthony] Gemma described himself as a pro-life candidate. Now, he claims to be pro-choice.
In barely four years in office, five jihadists have reached their targets in the United States under Barack Obama, compared to zero in over seven years after 9/11 under George W. Bush.
Says he has nearly 200 delegates bound to support his candidacy at the Republican National Convention.
Says Rick Scott has teamed up with a felon convicted of running a Ponzi scheme to smear Charlie Crist.
The Castro regime violated international norms by secretly shipping weapons to North Korea in violation of a U.N. embargo.
Theres not one Democrat who endorses the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan.
The United States death rate is two-and-a-half times higher for those who do not have a high school education.
"The Republicans have repeatedly said that they agree with 80 percent of what's in our bill."
A part-time Congress with half the pay would still make $38,000 a year more than the average American family.
Nearly 40 percent of his McAllen-area constituents suffer from obesity.
Switzerland and the Netherlands . . . cover all their citizens using private insurers, and they do so for much less cost.
Says Donald Trump himself contributed $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation.
Last year, ExxonMobil made $19 billion in profit. Guess what. They paid zero in taxes. They got a $156 million refund from the IRS.
Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting without consultation or input from the company to stop the sale of Buckyballs.
We arent the only state cutting back on public television.
During the Bush administration, liberal groups were targeted by the IRS, similar to recent targeting.
There are countries in Africa where they have higher vaccination rates than here in the United States.
Says Donald Trump says climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese.
Democratic Party candidates for the state Assembly actually received 200,000 more votes statewide than their Republican counterparts in the 2012 election
On support for the Bridge to Nowhere.
For decades, the states gas tax has been among the highest in the nation.
Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year.
Small businesses (are) going out of business in record numbers.
"We're also cutting a Forest Service economic development program that strayed so far from any mission that it funded a music festival."
Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies but want to cut food stamps.
Says Donald Trump wants to keep big government in charge of federally-owned land.
U.S. Reps. John Barrow and Sanford Bishop and their fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
"Congress only funded half the wall" between Mexico and the United States.
"Gasoline would rise in price by approximately 50 cents a gallon" if the McCain-Lieberman bill became law.
Turkeys today weigh 29.8 pounds. In the 30s, they weighed 13.2 pounds.
"The board of a nonprofit organization on which Obama served as a paid director ... granted funding to a controversial Arab group."
We lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns.
We bailed out Johnson Controls when we saved the auto industry and now they want to avoid paying taxes.
Amendments (Hillary Clinton) supported and voted for in 2006, she no longer supported in 2008, showing she changed positions on an India nuclear deal.
The so-called doc fix in the fiscal cliff deal will cut payments for treating illnesses disproportionately impacting minorities, including end stage renal disease and diabetes.
Of $60 billion Congress approved in response to Hurricane Sandy, only 10 percent was for disaster relief.
The President has decided to move forward with executive actions on immigration that he has said on numerous occasions that he didnt have the constitutional power to take.
On public financing of his campaign.
The mega-rich pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers estimate of a $3.6 billion state budget deficit is manufactured and a bogus figure.
"Rob Teilhet, Just another career politician."
Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt.
"A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration."
Tapping the Strategic Petroleum Reserve would immediately lower gasoline prices
Among Syrian refugees, there arent that many women, there arent that many children.
The Buffett Rule will bring in less than $5 billion per year. ... Enough to pay one weeks interest on the national debt.
Says Will Rasmussen supported a sales tax as recently as last spring.
"One-third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care; it goes to the insurance companies."
The Texas Capitol faces South toward Goliad, in memory of the most horrific battle of the Texas Revolution.
Says Mike Coffman said two different things: stop the deportationsin a Spanish-language debate and youre going to be deportedin an English-language TV interview.
Says Austin trains are full at rush hour and packed for special events.
Since Sept. 11, 2001, 270,000 Americans were killed by gunfire at home.
On returning Republican campaign contributions.
A regulatory thing means you cant show someone drinking beer on camera.
Says Mitt Romney has refused to say whether he would have vetoed or signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.
Existing law right now requires 700 miles of double-layered border fencing on the Mexico border.
Among Milwaukee Public Schools students, 86 percent are behind in reading and 80 percent are behind in math.
Online voter registration is a more secure way of doing voter registration.
Whats clear is (Romney) likes firing people.
Democrat Stephen Webber voted to allow sex offenders to be within 500 feet of childcare centers and playgrounds, and even voted to allow sex offenders to be coaches.
According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the IRS would need to hire over 16,000 people ... to audit the American people and impose the new taxes and mandates of the health care bill.
Tim Kaine reduced higher education funding by 25 percent when he was governor, driving up tuition...
Today, you have six financial institutions, the largest six, that have assets that are the equivalent of 60 percent of the GDP of the United States of America.
Says bus riders subsidize the expensive, romanticized Leander-to-Austin train.
We ... sold the state airplanes as I had promised.
In Wisconsin, a second arrest for carrying pot is a felony, but a second or subsequent arrest for carrying a gun illegally is a misdemeanor.
Keystone XL allows Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else.
Drilling for oil on the Outer Continental Shelf and in parts of Alaska will immediately reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil.
A lawyer demanded several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons.
More than half of the people on food stamps today are children.
Says our deficits are falling at the fastest rate in 60 years.
Just days ago, Irans Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a rabid dog and accusing the United States of war crimes.
We know this now. The banks no longer loan (Donald Trump) money because hes a terrible risk. So he goes to these (Russian) oligarchs and borrows money.
Let me say that I dont think (Bernie Sanders has) had a single negative ad ever run against him.
Attorney General McCollum, Speaker-Designate Cannon, Senate President-Designate Haridopolos and I stood up to Governor Crist and worked to remove Jim Greer as Chairman because of his mismanagement of the party.
On his definition of takers and makers
Thirty percent of [Sheldon Whitehouse campaign] money is coming from special interests.
Lizbeth Benacquistos supporters would make (abortion) illegal in all cases, including rape, incest, even to save a womans life.
We are about halfway to the presidents goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and about half of that is because of the substitution of natural gas for coal in the power sector.
Says 11 percent of the nations fatal car crashes in 2009 were attributed to distracted driving.
Most folks wages havent gone up in over a decade.
Says Terry McAuliffe opposes Virginias right-to-work law.
Says since 2000, Austins tax burden rose more than 40 percent while family income rose more than 20 percent.
The Republican Party has not won a presidential election without either a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket since 1928.
Phoenix is already one of the kidnapping capitals of the world.
The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act is the largest-ever investment in higher education.
Seventy-two percent of Georgians did not have a chance to finish college.
The majority last quarter of Sherrod Browns campaign contributions came from outside of the state of Ohio.
Says Mitch McConnell credits Republicans for recent economic improvements even though they took control of the Senate only days ago.
A Penn State University study found that electronic cigarettes . . . are far less addictive than cigarettes.
On (the federal minimum wage of) $7.75, you cant even make half the poverty level.
Jasper County in Texas raised property taxes by 7 percent in order to pay for one death penalty case.
The Clinton camp was the first to get it out there and try to say there was something untoward about the speech that Melania Trump gave.
Nearly 65 percent -- almost two-thirds -- of all new permanent residents obtained that status by virtue of their family status.
Says that politicians who approved collective bargaining restrictions for public employees exploited a loophole exempting themselves from Senate Bill 5.
Wisconsin is the only state that allows parents or guardians to purchase alcohol for their children regardless of whether that child is seven or 20 years old at bars and restaurants.
Two weeks after signing a taxpayer protection pledge, (Charlie Crist) breaks it.
As Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney used a line-item veto to cut millions of dollars for firefighting equipment, including firefighters coats, pants, helmets and boots.
On how he measures his promise to create 700,000 private-sector jobs in seven years.
Over the time that President Obama has been in office, we have lost 2.5 million free enterprise system jobs, and, yet, 500,000 federal government jobs have been added.
Brock Turners early release will be a regular occurrence if Prop. 57 passes.
Taxes are lower on families than theyve been probably in the last 50 years.
As a state representative, David Cicilline argued against Megans Law and voted against mandatory registration of sex offenders.
"This guy didn't even support Ronald Reagan."
The New START treaty was passed despite significant concerns among some people in the State and Defense Departments.
We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.
In Milwaukee County, juveniles arrested for car theft get sent immediately home, because under the point system in juvenile court on holding suspects, a stolen car gets zero points.
To get out of the (teachers) union, you pay 85 percent of $731. Then youre out of the union, but youve got to pay it every year, also required by statute. Thats called a representation fee.
Were the only system of federalism in the world.
The top one-tenth of 1 percent of Americans own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
"Hillary's main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the Black Panthers, on trial in Connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent."
Texans pay the sixth-highest property tax in the nation.
The day President Obama took office, gasoline was $1.79 a gallon.
Says students who receive free or reduced lunch are performing just as well as students who do not.
I never once asked that (Megyn Kelly) be removed as a debate moderator.
In Wisconsin, more than 300,000 people have some kind of addictive gambling problem, whether its pathological or what wed categorize as a problem gambler.
You dont have to be as smart as a fifth-grader to know what causes the climate is the sun. The sun. I have people tell me, Carbon dioxide warms the Earth. No, it doesnt. The sun warms the Earth.
Every general City of Milwaukee employee pays toward his or her pension, but approximately 88 percent of our police officers and firefighters do not.
We actually made history in 2010. We came the closest in 24 years to defeating Frank Pallone.
Says a new report shows the devastating tax hikes (in the health care law) will have on middle-class Kentuckians.
While Hillary Clinton plans a massive, and I mean massive, tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for president this year, Democrat or Republican.
The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Assembly approved only one out of 376 amendments offered by Assembly Democrats in 2011.
Despite the rhetoric from Democrat politicians, more people are employed this year than at any point in the history of Wisconsin.
The top25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of Americas kindergarten teachers combined.
Under Barack Obama, the average cost of family health care premiums has increased by $4,154.
Says Dontre Hamilton, who was killed during a confrontation with a Milwaukee police officer, was unarmed.
Kids coming from an affluent background are taking advantage of all these student loan programs and grants while many middle-class families with no connection to college are picking up the tab.
"I believe in tax cuts. I believe in being a supply-sider. I cut the income tax I think it was 24 percent. We got 42 percent more revenues."
Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens.
John McCain worries about nuclear waste in Arizona, but not in Nevada.
Rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform measures to restore trust in state government, (Democrats) sat on their hands and did nothing when they were the majority.
Vice President Joe Biden's meeting "with the transparency and accountability board . . . was closed to the public."
Says she wiped out the state Agriculture Departments inspections of eggs at retail sites like grocery stores.
Texas spends more per day to house an inmate than we do on a student.
If you go back to 1999, Wayne LaPierre testified on behalf of the NRA that background checks were appropriate and should be done.
The Wisconsin school voucher program has no research that shows that its going to improve student learning.
With Obamacare, were fixing to get hit with the biggest entitlement program the American taxpayers have ever seen.
Says his GOP challenger, Doug MacGinnitie, "hadnt voted in a Republican primary for almost 20 years until 2008.
"I don't think that Rudy or Fred or John McCain support the marriage amendment."
John McCain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill "because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like Exxon Mobil."
Says Gov. John Kasich can remove the president of the State Board of Education.
Wisconsins dead last in Midwest job growth.
The law has not established whether Rhode Island public employees have property rights to their pensions.
Rail doesnt do a great job in lessening traffic.
A judge took the Star Scientific tax case away from Ken Cuccinelli
Every day, a black name resume is 50 percent less likely to get responded to than a white nameresume.
During the Bush administration, you actually had a prominent liberal write a book about how Bush was preparing for a fascist takeover of this country.
Over the past two years, Florida has cut more than $1 billion in taxes.
Says he faced a record budget deficit in Virginia in 2014.
Nearly half of Hispanic voters in Arizona's last election supported four measures that were "very tough on illegal immigration."
Obamacare means that for up to 20 million Americans, they will lose the insurance they currently have, the insurance that they like and they want to keep.
Since the Affordable Care Act passed, 90 percent of job growth has been in full-time positions.
Debt has almost doubled in Austin under Gov. Perry.
Theres a tremendous other number of public officials who have done the same thing as Hillary Clinton with a private email server.
Under last years health care reform, a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care, such as continuing on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy.
The Obama administration spent $205,075 in stimulus funds to relocate a shrub that sells for $16.
There has been no net global warming for over a decade now.
This race will be the Democrats top target this November.
Says he and Mitt Romney agreed on tying minimum wage increases to inflation.
As a result of Obamacare, California seniors face benefit cuts of over $1,700.
For the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row.
Says Rick Perry turned down our invitation to meet President Barack Obama in El Paso.
In 2012, the state put together a list of over 100,000 people that they thought were ineligible to vote. Came out there were less than 10.
The proudest accomplishment (of my tenure) was leaving the state with a $1.2 billion surplus, which was the largest wed ever had, and getting spending under control and a balanced budget.
Stopped by Smiley Cookie to pick up some great cookies for the family, along with Rudy.
Mike Trainor...still owes $250,000 to the state.
The Supreme Courts views are radically out of step with public opinion regarding its decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide.
There are a larger number of shark attacks in Florida than there are cases of voter fraud.
Democrats have now become the party of the [Atlanta] metro area and of blacks.
On lifting the U.S. Cuban embargo and allowing travel to Cuba.
